GLOBAL SOCIAL IMPACT 2017 Performance Report
e heart of Starbucks is our mission: to inspire and nurture the human spirit—one person, one cup and eighborhood at a time. That sense of purpose extends beyond our stores, to our partners and their families, ommunities we serve, and the planet that we all share.

publishing our first social responsibility report in 2002, our business and our world have grown increasingly ex. Every year since, we have set ambitious goals, shared our accomplishments and challenges, and then ched to new ones.

017 social impact report reflects our endeavor to transparently live our mission, and we have successes to rate. Starbucks has reached 100 percent pay equity for partners of all genders and races performing similar across the United States and are working toward closing the gender pay gap for all partners in company-operated ts worldwide. We made inroads in our effort to finding a solution to a greener disposable cup and are well on ay to making coffee the world’s first sustainable agricultural product. We also opened our doors to our tenth nity store to help create local jobs and provide in-store job-skills training in underserved communities.

e have also fallen short. The arrest of two African American men waiting for a friend at a Philadelphia Starbucks ntithetical to our values and vision for the kind of company we want to be. On May 29, 2018, we closed more than U.S. stores to gather as a Starbucks family and began the long-term work we must do to strengthen our culture longing, welcoming and being a place for all. This was designed to be a powerful and uplifting day and, in some a new start for our company.

is no finish line. Just a continuing aspiration to conduct our business in ways that will continue to earn your trust, ining the role and responsibility of a for-profit global company. I invite you to join us on this journey.

Respectfully,




Kevin Johnson president and ceo


2 The way forward. Our 2017 Global Social Impact Performance report marks our progress as a company, one that’s performance-driven through the lens of humanity. Together with our more than 330,000 partners and organizations like Conservation International and Feeding America, we can use our scale for good.

We’ve made this progress by being purposeful in our decisions and our collective actions, and we have bold, new aspirations for the years ahead. Our efforts are focused in four areas where our commitment and scale can make the biggest impact:




SUSTAINABLE COFFEE 4 Working to make coffee the world’s first sustainable agricultural product.



GREENER RETAIL 8 Building and operating the world’s largest green retail business.



CREATING OPPORTUNITIES 12 Investing in pathways to opportunity through employment, education and training.



STRENGTHENING COMMUNITIES 16 Welcoming all and creating impact on issues that matter.




UTURE IN SUSTAINABLE COFFEE tted to 100 percent ethically sourced coffee everywhere.
starbucks.com/social-impact   3




2015 Starbucks coffee has been verified rcent ethically sourced, the largest coffee ler to achieve this milestone. While we are tted to our goal of reaching 100 percent, lieve it’s that last one percent where our work   pilot project announced in 2018. ake the biggest impact. It’s here—working still-developing coffee farmers—where we elp them improve the quality of their coffee he growing conditions of their farms. And aring our best practices with others in the try, we hope to reach not just 100 percent r own supply chain, but make coffee the first inable agricultural product. EN-SOURCE APPROACH d the beverages served in our 28,000 stores day are more than two million farmers and rs who grow our coffee around the world. .E. (Coffee and Farmer Equity) Practices is ornerstone coffee-buying program consisting st practices that has the potential to ase the prosperity and resiliency of farms ivelihoods. Starbucks also invests in coffee
key coffee-producing countries around the uela, Costa Rica. Our open-source agronomy ufacturing of cocaine) to coffee.
r coffee knowledge. We leverage technology to       nearly 25,000 coffee farmers and are working to velop new approaches to ensure the future of our newest center in Chiapas, Mexico, and a il-management techniques. AID (U.S. Agency for International Development)     to coffee farmers to strengthen their farms training the country’s next generation of coffee   through coffee tree renovation and infrastructure
each 200,000 coffee farmers by 2020. eplace trees that are declining in productivity lobal Agronomy Center at Hacienda Alsacia in ust. We are working toward a goal of providing armers from growing coca (used for the
® communities, sharing agronomy practices and           With this global network, we have already trained high-quality coffee, including a new traceability D ONATING HE ALTHY COFFEE TREES Starbucks operates nine Farmer Support Centers        Now more than ever, the future of coffee depends on healthy trees. More than 21 million trees have world, from Yunnan, China, and Kigali, Rwanda,        been donated to coffee farmers since 2015, to due to age and disease, such as coffee leaf approach gives farmers access to the latest           100 million climate-resilient coffee trees to findings from our top agronomists, including          farmers by 2025. new varietals of disease-resistant trees and GLOBAL FARMER FUND The Starbucks Global Farmer Fund is a In Colombia a public-private partnership with         $50 million commitment to provide loans farmers in post-conflict regions and transitioning    improvements, including a $2 million farmer loan commitment from Starbucks in partnership with the Inter-American Development Bank (IDB)



4
CARLOS MARIO 14-year partner director of Global Agronomy, Costa Rica




to support 2,000 primarily women coffee growers in Colombia. This investment in the future of coffee serves an important need by providing financing to farmers who may not qualify for commercial loans. MAKING COFFEE THE FIRST SUSTAINABLE AGRICULTUR AL PRODUCT We know that the greatest challenges can be solved faster if we work together. That’s why Starbucks is one of the founding members of the Sustainable Coffee Challenge, a diverse industry coalition led by Conservation International with the call to action of making coffee the world’s first   Like coffee, our approach to buying tea is designed sustainable agricultural product. The Challenge formed in 2015 at the United Nations Climate Change Conference in Paris with 18 like-minded organizations. It has since grown to more than 100 global partners across the industry, including other roasters, non- governmental organizations and the governments of Mexico and Rwanda, as well as U.S. government partners USAID and USDA. Challenge partners are urgently working together to increase transparency, aligned to the common vision that all coffee can be produced using sustainable practices. In 2017 the Sustainable Coffee Challenge launched its first four action networks to coordinate industry action and investment, including an effort to replace aging trees.
tending our policy around deforestation and
DVANCING TEA AND OCOA SUSTAINABILIT Y
INVESTING IN SUSTAINABILIT Y Starbucks issued its first sustainability bond in 2016 with a U.S. corporate bond offering and our first global yen-denominated corporate sustainability bond in March 2017 in Japan. The net proceeds of the latest offering of 86 billion Japanese yen will go toward investments in Starbucks ethical sourcing programs, including operations of Farmer Support Centers in coffee- growing regions and loans through Starbucks Global Farmer Fund. to ensure a long-term, high-quality supply while contributing positively to the environment and farming communities. For more than 10 years, we have partnered with the Ethical Tea Partnership (ETP) to ensure the tea Starbucks sources is produced with sustainable practices and under safe and humane working conditions. As of 2017, nearly 72 percent of tea was ethically sourced and we’re working toward a goal of 100 percent ethically sourced tea by 2020. For other ingredients such as cocoa, we are working with industry partners such as the World Cocoa Foundation to advance ethical sourcing practices, committing to 100 percent ethically sourced beverage ingredients by 2020.



cted ffee irst time Alan Tong, director of the Starbucks Farmer Support Center, tasted Starbucks e-Origin Yunnan™ coffee he cried because it o much more than a cup of coffee. Grown in ountryside of southern Yunnan Province, the e trees flourish among acres of rolling green , rice terraces and the stunningly surreal landscapes the region is known for.
5

ong the rich flavor, herbal notes and hness of this one-of-a-kind coffee spur ies of farmers walking among the coffee , seeing the faces of those who pick the e cherries and all the care and precision led to that moment.

ucks purchased its first coffee from China 09 and in 2012 opened its sixth Farmer rt Center, and its first in Asia, to offer e-growing guidance, soil testing and more cal growers. “Come learn,” Tong invited armers.

the Yunnan Farmer Support Center in China rained nearly 10,000 farmers in sustainable ng practices. And 1,200 farms are now ied through C.A.F.E. Practices. For Tong, armers of China are more than suppliers artners, they are his neighbors and friends ing top-quality coffee shared with all of —including the Starbucks Reserve™ ery in Shanghai.



6
SUSTAINABLE COFFEE GOALS



CING COMMITMENT

Ethically ced Coffee


STARBUCKS GLOBAL FARMER FUND

Invest $50 Million in Financing for Farmers by 2020

PLANTING TREES
OPEN-SOURCE AGRONOMY

Provide 100 Million Coffee Trees to Farmers by 2025
20
rain 200,000 Coffee Farmers



NG THE WAY IN GREENER RETAIL ucks is building and operating stores with an aim to minimize our onmental footprint with ambitious goals for 2020 and beyond.
starbucks.com/social-impact   7




ER STORES ucks is proud to have built more than 1,500 (Leadership in Energy and Environmental n) certified stores in 20 countries including 0 U.S. states and Puerto Rico. We are the st builder of green stores in our sector and tores account for 20 percent of the LEED - ® fied retail projects globally. We’re developing   lid in 2017. We have also led the industry in global store verification program to innovation, sustainability and efficiencies ghout our store portfolio. The program will de building standards for new and remodeled s, along with performance standards for tores in energy and water efficiency, waste tion and partner engagement. With our goal ,000 greener retail stores by 2025, we hope uly leverage our scale for good and deliver r ambition to become the world’s largest retailer. ER CUPS & PACKAGING ucks has a 30-year legacy of progress in our t to reduce the environmental impact of our cups and single-use packaging.
liminate double-cupping. We have been on include post-consumer fiber in our hot cups enable our cups to be recycled in more working with industry partners to double the     we have invested in a solar farm, which delivers
stomers who bring in a reusable cup and we p charge has showed promise. mmunities. While our cups can be recycled in       energy certificates until we achieved our goal of ny communities today, we are working with eir acceptance in recycling systems. mber of stores and communities with access to      enough clean energy to power more than
NVESTING IN GREEN POWER
Since 1987 we have offered a discount to our         a paper cup recycling launch in stores in The Netherlands. Reusable cups are the greenest ® were one of the early pioneers of the cup sleeve     option of all, so we are finding new ways to promote and incentivize the use of “for-here” ware the forefront of new materials, becoming the first   and reusable cups. A pilot in London with a paper in 2006, and introducing a more recyclable cup advocating for increased recycling infrastructure    We have invested in renewable energy since 2005, steadily increasing our purchases of renewable obtaining 100 percent of the electricity powering local governments and stakeholders to increase       global company-operated stores from renewable sources in 2015. But we know we must do more. We are expanding        As we embark on the next chapter of our use of strawless lids and accelerating our efforts   renewable energy strategy, we continue to use to achieve a greener cup by 2022. We’re doubling     our scale to drive innovation across the renewable the recycled content in our cups and developing      energy sector. We are taking the next step with a global solution to give our cups a second life     direct investments in new geographically relevant through our new NextGen Cup Challenge. We also       renewable energy projects. In North Carolina, cup recycling (over our 2016 baseline), including    600 Starbucks stores in the Southern and ®




8
Hacienda Alsacia, Costa Rica




Mid-Atlantic United States. And in Washington State, we’re working with Puget Sound Energy to power more than 100 Starbucks stores and our
®




roasting facility in Kent, with wind power from a wind farm in nearby Olympia.

Starbucks joined with other companies in the commitment to 100 percent renewable energy with the RE100 in 2015, and we work to deepen our impact and adhere to the RE100 Buyers’ Principles to improve our global reporting and purchasing methodology. We are working to source 100 percent renewable energy for global store operations as well as our global supply chain, headquarters and office locations. We are committed to purchasing renewable energy for each global market from projects in the same grid region, and promoting local renewable energy generation in all of the global communities where we operate.

EMPOWERING GREENER PARTNERS Our partners are the heart and soul of our company, and we are harnessing their passion for sustainability to inspire and teach others. Starbucks Greener Apron™ program is a voluntary
®




certification that helps partners learn about environmental sustainability through three short modules created with Arizona State University’s School of Sustainability. More than 6,000 partners have participated in the program since its launch in 2016. Our goal is to engage 10,000 partners globally by 2020 through Partners for Sustainability and the Starbucks Greener Apron™
®




program to create a network of sustainability champions who advocate sustainability in stores and business every day.



xtGen Cup allenge partnership with Closed Loop Partners and s Center for the Circular Economy, Starbucks committing $10 million to establish a oundbreaking consortium to launch the xtGen Cup Challenge. This is the first step in e development of a global end-to-end solution at would allow cups around the world to be verted from landfills and composted or given second life as another cup, napkin or even a air—anything that can use recycled material.
9

rough the NextGen Cup Challenge, the nsortium will award accelerator grants to trepreneurs working on ideas that could lead the development of more sustainable cup lutions and invite industry participation d partnership on the way to identifying a obal solution.

roughout development, the solution will be en source so others can benefit and innovate the path toward the development of recyclable d compostable cups around the world.

e want to make sure this technology is ailable to everyone because it’s the right thing do,” said Andy Corlett, director of packaging D for Starbucks. “The idea of environmental stainability in packaging is not just a Starbucks sue. It’s a global issue. Anything that gets us oser to that goal is not something we want to ep to ourselves.”




1010
GREENER RETAIL GOALS GREENER STORES

Build and Operate 10,000 Greener Retail Stores Globally by 2025


EENER CUP

uble the Recycled ntent, the Recyclability d the Reusability of r Cup by 2022




GREENER APRONS

Empower 10,000
Partners Worldwide                              GREENER POWER

to be Sustainability Champions by 2020
Invest in 100% Renewable Energy to Power Operations Globally by 2020



TING OPPORTUNITIES THAT MATTER leader in hiring great talent, Starbucks has and will always look to create rtunities for our partners and customers in the communities we serve.
starbucks.com/social-impact   11




VATING NER BENEFITS bucks customizes benefits to meet partner s around the world. In the U.K., Starbucks he first private company to help pay rental sits by providing interest-free loans to oyees. Home Sweet Loan offers eligible ners a loan of up to one month’s wages, paid in four weeks of application, to be repaid over    in partnership with Arizona State University. We     Refugees represent a population who seek a course of a year. hina, eligible partners can earn a monthly ing subsidy and help care for aging parents the Starbucks China Parent Care Program, h offers critical illness insurance for eligible   working toward their degree. ners. In India, partners have a five-day work dule, down from the country’s customary six-day workweek. In Canada, the Starbucks Placement Program is helping support youth oyment programs in Calgary, Toronto and ouver, which combine in-class core life skills     experience and willingness to make a difference.     personnel and their families who served alongside employability training with real-life on-the-      In 2013 Starbucks committed to hiring at least work placement experience. And in the U.K.,
llege Achievement Plan, a groundbreaking effort    WELCOMING REFUGEES S. troops overseas to champion their talent,
AKING COLLEGE A REALITY dmission tuition-free. More than 1,000 partners     history to create opportunity for all and to invest iring and honoring veterans and military spouses    and 1,000 refugees in Canada. In the U.S., our 0,000 veterans and military spouses by 2018.        experience and resilience.
Starbucks national apprenticeship program has        and have extended it to 25,000 hires by 2025. created more than 1,300 apprenticeships for our      Our commitment goes beyond hiring. It includes partners to grow their skills and careers.           the ability for partners who are current members of the U.S. Armed Forces or veterans to extend their College Achievement Plan benefit to a In the United States, Starbucks helps partners       spouse or child. achieve a college degree through the Starbucks are also lowering barriers to college with efforts   chance to rebuild their lives and have a fresh such as Pathways to Admission, a program that        start in the face of extraordinarily difficult provides partners the ability to work toward         circumstances. In keeping with our longstanding have diplomas in hand and more than 9,000 are        in the people who are a part of the communities where we do business, Starbucks is leading a global effort during the next five years to HIRING VETERANS AND                                  welcome and employ 10,000 refugees by 2022, MILITARY SPOUSES                                     including 2,500 refugees in Western Europe allows us all to benefit from their leadership,      efforts include a focus on hiring interpreters, In March 2017, we met our goal 18 months early



12
SUSAN five-year partner, military spouse & SCAP graduate Alexandria , Virginia




EMPLOYING OPPORTUNITY YOUTH Starbucks is embracing and employing tens of thousands of youth, ages 16–24, who are disconnected from work and school to help them achieve their dreams. Starbucks led the launch of the 100,000 Opportunities Initiative with 50 other employers in 2015. We have since hired 50,000 Opportunity Youth, representing one in five of every partners hired, with a goal of hiring 100,000 in the U.S. by 2020. The coalition is now pushing toward 1 million opportunities by 2021, working together to create new recruiting and human resources practices tailored to hiring, retaining and advancing these young people. Starbucks Canada also launched a new initiative in 2018 to hire 40,000 Opportunity Youth.

In several low- to medium-income U.S. communities we now have Community stores that are equipped with training centers where we work with local nonprofits to provide job-skills training to young people. Our new National Mentoring Partnership, announced in 2018 with LinkedIn, MENTOR, Big Brothers Big Sisters, City Year and Year Up, will help close the gap for 10,000 youth who are awaiting a mentor. Around the world, we offer training and support to young people in ways relevant to their needs and opportunities, such as Starbucks Opportunity Café in the Middle East, which hosts youth training workshops at local Starbucks stores. We are
MENG Beijing, China ®




committed to the success and retention of these new partners at all levels.



13 JUANITA six-year partner

Dream Grows
Brooklyn, New York



Brooklyn e new Starbucks in Bedford-Stuyvesant hich everyone calls Bed-Stuy) is vibrant, and mmunity-minded, not unlike its new manager, anita Vasquez. She was born in Brownsville, a uple of miles from the new store, and raised in st New York. There, her family lived right next or to a church, where she served as a youth ader until she was 21.

d-Stuy is the tenth Community store Starbucks s opened as part of its initiative to invest in least 15 underserved communities in the U.S. ese stores create local jobs, partner with area nprofits to provide in-store job-skills training r young people ages 16 to 24 who aren’t school or working, and partner with local men- and minority-owned contractors, ppliers and vendors.

e store has a bustling schedule of community ents—job training, mentorship meetings, open c nights and Coffee with a Cop, where officers om the local New York Police Department 103rd ecinct drop by to visit with neighbors.

his is a safe haven,” said store manager isha Wrencher. This is not something we pected at all, to come into the community and ing people together like this. There’s a bigger rpose here than just coffee.”




1414
CREATING OPPORTUNITIES GOALS


STARBUCKS COLLEGE ACHIEVEMENT PLAN

Graduate 25,000 Partners by 2025 and
VETERANS AND MILITARY SPOUSES

Increase Accessibility        Hire and Honor 25,000 Veterans
and Performance
and Military Spouses by 2025




REFUGEES                          OPPORTUNITY YOUTH

Welcome and Employ                Embrace and Employ 10,000 Refugees                   100,000 Hires by 2020 Globally by 2022




NGTHENING COMMUNITIES UR GLOBAL NEIGHBORHOOD Starbucks® store is a part of a community, and we’re committed trengthening neighborhoods wherever we do business.
starbucks.com/social-impact   15


TING DY-TO -E AT ME ALS bucks partners have long advocated for actical way to donate unsold food to the unities we serve. Through our partnership Feeding America, we are working to rescue
rcent participation by Starbucks stores across
n 2017 we launched our goal to achieve 100
our mission and values, who we are as a company        OPPORTUNITY FOR ALL and one of the single biggest ways we individually     In 2017 The Starbucks Foundation worked with and collectively come together to help fill a need.    75 NGO partners to directly support more than 25,000 young people, veterans, military spouses and refugees in developing job and leadership ®

percent of food available to donate from all     the globe in community service each year by the ur U.S. company-owned stores by 2020. In first year of the program, we donated food night from more than 1,700 stores in 17 markets from Seattle to New York, and have      hunger, youth, veterans and refugees. Projects ted more than 3 million meals to food banks.     ranged from cleaning Amsterdam’s famous canals ere also able to provide local food banks with   to providing narration for the Cinema for the Blind    over $21 million, including projects with Eastern h food, water, coffee and snacks ommunities facing natural disasters in the Once the program rollout is complete, we ct to increase our donations to 50 million s each year. UNITY SERVICE ave always believed Starbucks can— should—have a positive impact on the unities we serve. Community service reflects
rtners participated in more than 16,500 re than 150 projects during Martin Luther King       National Coffee Day 2017, The Starbucks
r. Day of Service 2017.
skills and connecting them to employment. end of 2020. This first year, 125,000 Starbucks        SUPPORTING COFFEE, TEA AND COCOA COMMUNITIES partner-led projects with a focus on sustainability,   Since 2005 The Starbucks Foundation has awarded origin grants to support farming families in coffee- and tea- growing communities totaling in Beijing. In the U.S., partners participated in      Congo Initiative and Heifer International. On Foundation announced a $500,000 grant to World Neighbors for a three-year project in coffee THE STARBUCKS FOUNDATION                               communities in Guatemala’s Huehuetenango Established in 1997, The Starbucks Foundation          region, to help improve access to water, promote strengthens communities around the world by            women’s leadership through savings groups, and advancing opportunities for youth, veterans,           increase food security. The Starbucks Foundation refugees and coffee, tea, and cocoa farmers and        will continue to invest in coffee-, tea- and cocoa- their families; supporting communities affected        growing communities with a focus on empowering by disaster; and promoting civic engagement.           women and families with a goal of reaching 250,000 women and families by 2025.



16
Huehuetenango, Guatemala




HELPING NEIGHBORS IN NEED In the past year we have seen hurricanes hit Texas, Florida and the Caribbean, earthquake devastation in Mexico City and wildfires in California. Starbucks acted quickly to provide support, working with nonprofit partners to mobilize immediate relief and longer-term rebuilding efforts. Our customers also joined us in responding to disaster-relief efforts, resulting in more than $2 million in support between The Starbucks Foundation, Starbucks and customer contributions. In addition The Starbucks Foundation has joined local businesses, organizations, foundations, and individuals to help local nonprofits address the crisis of unsheltered families and children in Seattle and King County with emergency shelter and more stable housing. In Europe, Starbucks celebrated milestone anniversaries in Greece, The Netherlands, Denmark and Austria with donations to local charities that serve children and youth. CRE ATING A CULTURE OF INCLUSION Consistent with our mission and values, we are committed to ensuring our partners, customers and the communities we serve are treated with respect and dignity. We are an equal opportunity employer. In addition we consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to the federally protected categories of race, national origin, age, sex, religion and disability.   and addressing any unexplained differences, and We are committed to nondiscrimination policies regarding sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, and gender identity or expression in decisions regarding hiring, transfer, promotion,   Variation and adaptability are expressions compensation, eligibility for benefits and termination.
percent of each other. In March 2018, we
k in the United States were paid within taining 100 percent gender pay equity for all hat goal, we are committed to the principles y made before, disclosing pay ranges to job WERING HUMANITY
ople of all races performing similar work. rtners in company-operated markets. In support ndidates on request, conducting comprehensive
eflect the diversity of our overall workforce, so nnounced that we reached 100 percent pay ob candidates about prior salary, paying newly ecommendations with the aim of identifying ublishing our pay equity progress annually.
Women make up one-third of our board of directors, and we have strong representation of both women and minorities throughout the company. Our aspiration is for our leaders to in 2015, we committed to a 50 percent increase in the representation of women and minorities among our top leaders (senior vice presidents and above) by 2020. PROMOTING PAY EQUIT Y We are dedicated to achieving and maintaining 100 percent pay equity for women and men and In 2017, women and men who perform similar equity in the U.S., with a goal of achieving and of equal footing, transparency and accountability in our approach to compensation. In the U.S., our pay equity best practices include not asking            Earthquake Relief Mexico City, Mexico promoted partners what they deserve for their new role rather than a salary that is tied to what compensation analyses of all rewards of humanity, and we look at diversity in a multitude of ways. Our nine partner networks


MLK Jr. Day of Service, NYC   in Malaysia celebrated its one-year anniversary, Laine’s Bake Shop, Chicago
17 (employee resource groups) highlight an area           or small businesses classified as HUB Zone of diversity with a focus on development of            or 8(a). By actively seeking diverse suppliers, members, community engagement and providing            we support our business and invest in the insights to our organization. Our commitment to        communities where we do business, like Laine’s LGBTQ inclusion was recognized with a score of         Bake Shop in South Chicago and Midnite 100 on the Human Rights Campaign’s Corporate           Confection’s Cupcakery in Baltimore. These Equality Index from 2015 through 2018. We are          relationships help us deliver high-quality, proud to have to                                       innovative products and services across all have participated in a 2017 White House panel          business channels, while driving value and on disability employment and to have achieved a        economic development. 100 percent score on the Disability Equality Index from 2015 through 2017. In our effort to         Since reporting our purchases with diverse become the world’s most welcoming environment          suppliers in 2000, we have spent a cumulative for people with disabilities, their families and       $6 billion with diverse suppliers. We have also their communities, we launched our Accessibility       increased from a yearly spend of $38 million to Office in 2017.                                        more than $600 million annually. This accounts for approximately nine percent of our total spend We are committed to building an infrastructure         in the U.S. and Canada. We have set year- that enables universal design in technology,           over-year growth targets with an ultimate goal communications, physical environments and              of achieving 15 percent of spend with diverse services. In 2017, our first Starbucks signing store   suppliers. and the store has become a model for our other         As we look forward, we aim to increase imapct markets. We invite our Deaf retail partners around     by working closely with all of our suppliers to encourage further support of diverse suppliers, the world to wear green aprons with “Starbucks” embroidered in sign language as a source of            thus expanding the first- and second-tier suppliers cultural pride and a helpful cue for customers.        aligning with the program.

SUPPLY CHAIN DIVERSIT Y                                This comprehensive approach to supplier diversity AND INCLUSION                                          ensures our program and goals are part of the The Starbucks Supplier Diversity and Inclusion         foundation of our strategic sourcing process. In Program strengthens our supply chain and serves        addition to setting purchasing targets reflected as a critical component of our commitment              throughout our supply chain goals, our sourcing to ethically source our products. Our program          team proactively supports diverse supplier focuses on developing business relationships           development. Beyond simply identifying strong with companies that are at least 51 percent            candidates, we actively coach and develop owned and operated by a minority, woman,               suppliers who meet our diversity standards. LGBTQ, veteran, person with a disability,



18
NGTHENING COMMUNITIES GOALS


FOODSHARE

Rescue 100% of Food Available to Donate by 2020 in U.S. Company-Owned Stores




COMMUNITY SERVICE

Have 100% of Our Stores Worldwide Participating in Community Service Annually by 2020




rty’s Kitchen 006 New Orleans was still physically royed after Hurricane Katrina, but its spirit very much alive. “People were still going ork, helping their neighbors and trying to oach each day with hope,” said Starbucks rict manager Troy James.
starbucks.com/social-impact   19

optimistic sense of service that inspired a bled city also launched a nonprofit called rty’s Kitchen—an organization designed to unemployed youth leadership and life skills, practical foodservice job training.

en years later, The Starbucks Foundation ded Liberty’s Kitchen the 2017 Opportunity All grant. This, its fourth grant from The bucks Foundation, is $50,000 to fund staff lopment and training, uniforms for students, vities for alumni and special events to ote the organization.

is Bagneris, New Orleans native and rty’s Kitchen’s director of Youth Success , “We want to change the face of what it s to be workforce development. We want ork against disparities, challenge racial uities and promote new types of learning to ide the best outcome for young people.”

e who finish the nearly one-year program ive a certificate of completion for learning riety of cooking methods, knife and other nary skills and the importance of personal onsibility. Today 92 percent of the program’s uates find work.




20
OF IMPACT
GOALS SUMMARY GOAL                                                 F Y17           PROGRESS COMMENTARY

CING COMMITMENT   100% ethically sourced coffee
Ethically sourced 99% of coffee purchases verified 99% under C.A.F.E. Practices


CING COMMITMENT   100% ethically sourced tea by 2020
Continuing our work with the Ethical Tea Partnership 72% to reach 100% ethically sourced tea

TING TREES
21 million trees Provide 100 million coffee trees                                      Methodology now reflects trees distributed to farmers distributed to farmers by 2025                                 since 2015 in Mexico, Guatemala and El Salvador

AL ER FUND
Announced $2 million farmer loan commitment from Starbucks Invest $50 million in farmer loans by 2020        $22.3 million       in partnership with the Inter-American Development Bank to support primarily 2,000 women coffee growers in Colombia

-SOURCE NOMY
Trained nearly 25,000 farmers in 2017 through our nine Farmer Train 200,000 coffee farmers by 2020                 24,302 Support Centers in coffee-producing countries around the world

NER CUP PACKAGING
Cups contain 10%     Tested more than 12 technologies for cup liners, with recycled content Double the recycled content, recyclability post-consumer fiber   tests under way. Paper cups currently are recyclable in four major U.S. and reusability of our cup by 2022                     (PCF)          markets. Piloted an increased reusable cup discount in the U.K. market.

Build and operate 10,000 greener stores                               Starbucks now has 1,400 LEED -certified stores in 16 countries, ®


NER STORES
1,400 globally by 2025                                                      including all 50 U.S. states and Puerto Rico

NER POWER NER APRONS
We are striving to purchase local renewable energy in regions where Invest in 100% renewable energy to power 62%            we have operations. We have purchased Renewable Energy Certificates operations globally by 2020                                           (RECs) to cover 62% of our electricity usage globally More than 5,000 partners enrolled worldwide. Expanded the Empower 10,000 partners worldwide to be 5,139           Starbucks Greener Apron™ sustainability training program to ®


sustainability champions by 2020                                      Canada and the U.K. in 2017.

RANS AND TARY SPOUSES      military spouses by 2025
Hire and honor 25,000 veterans and                                    Opened our 40th Military Family store and donated more than 12,876 2.5 million cups of coffee to service members overseas in 2017

BUCKS COLLEGE     Graduate 25,000 partners by 2025 and EVEMENT PLAN      increase accessibility and performance RTUNITY YOUTH
939 graduates and     By March 2018, more than 1,282 partners have graduated, 9,000 partners       and over 10,000 partners are currently working toward enrolled         their degree through Arizona State University 63 partnerships in 10 countries directly supported more than Embrace and employ 100,000 46,737 hired       20,000 young people in developing job and leadership skills Opportunity Youth by 2020                                             and connecting them to employment

GEES
Welcome and employ 10,000 refugees                                    Currently developing global methodology for refugee partner – globally by 2022                                                      self-identification. Launched partnerships with global organizations.


SHARE
Rescue 100% of food available to donate                               Donated 5 million meals, equating to 4 million pounds of food 3.5 million pounds by 2020 in U.S. company-owned stores                                  from more than 2,700 stores

21
UNITY SERVICE T THIS
Have 100% of our stores worldwide participate                         Refining tracking for store-level participation by market. –             Partners led 16,744 projects globally including 126,612 partners in community service annually by 2020                                 in 40 countries BOUNDARIES                                            We continue to work to validate and improve our As with previous global responsibility reports,       global reporting efforts, so we can consistently and this year’s report highlights the work we are doing   accurately report on our performance.


RT E report for fiscal 2017 focuses on our ormance against the goals we set in four key      these areas are important to our customers, s: sustainable coffee, greener retail, creating   our partners, non-governmental organizations rtunities and strengthening communities. e also included links to information and urces publicly available at starbucks.com rding our financial, corporate governance, place and diversity policies, and performance,    While our commitments are global, our reporting—      preparation and integrity of the information use these commitments are directly tied to business. In developing this report, we’ve red topics and issues that are important tarbucks and our stakeholders based on -round engagement with and feedback from cates and investors, and via easily accessible    most significant segment of Starbucks social, omer and Starbucks partner tools such as bucks social media channels (Starbucks Starbucks Partners Facebook, Twitter, agram) and our Customer Service team. These rts are complemented by industry and trend ysis conducted by the strategic advisory firm     licensed retail stores. ainAbility and Edelman public relations, g with direct conversations with the many nizations we work with. Ensuring both internal    manage our sustainability data for the purposes external engagement is a critical component ow we do business—we help ensure our rams, policies and the content of this report     operations and impacts enterprise-wide, as well as material to our business and stakeholders.
the coffee sold and served by all global reporting on and tracking key performance
onsiderable interest to key stakeholders. ith the exception of our coffee purchases— s focused largely on Starbucks U.S. and Canada       internal controls, including a comprehensive tarbucks brands and company-operated or or approval and audit purposes.
in ethical sourcing, community investments and environmental stewardship. These areas are            REPORTING YEAR critical to our business and are also where we        Starbucks fiscal year 2017 (October 3, 2016– know we can and do have the greatest impact.          October 1, 2017), unless otherwise noted. Starbucks is committed to the United Nations CURRENCY Sustainable Development Goals, and uses these All references to currency are in U.S. dollars, goals as a lens for our social impact programs unless otherwise noted. and collaborations with others. Based on our stakeholder-engagement efforts, we also believe       PREVIOUS REPORTS Starbucks has produced an annual report since 2001. Previous years’ global social responsibility (NGOs) and investors. In addition issues related      reports are available on our website. to health and wellness and workplace policies are vital elements of our business and of             INFORMATION INTEGRIT Y Starbucks management is responsible for the reported for fiscal 2017. Through a system of company-operated retail stores and global supply      verification process involving internal subject- chain operations. These operations, together with     matter experts, we believe this information our coffee purchases, currently represent the         accurately represents our global responsibility activities and performance results for environmental and economic impacts based on           the fiscal year 2017. External verification is the percentage of revenue and the number of           providedby Moss Adams LLP. stores covered. Provided information pertains All infographics related to our goal performance are visual representations of progress and not to exact scale. Starbucks uses the CRedit360 program to indicators, providing ongoing visibility into our



22 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Our reporting on global responsibility for fiscal 2017 includes forward-looking statements about the company’s business and its future business plans, initiatives, goals and objectives. These forward-looking statements are based on currently available operating, financial and competitive information and are subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties. Actual future results may differ materially depending on a variety of factors including, but not limited to, coffee, dairy and other raw material prices and availability; successful execution of the company’s blueprint for growth and other strategies; cost reduction and other initiatives; fluctuations in U.S. and international economies and currencies; the impact of competition; the effect of legal proceedings; and other risks detailed in the company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the “Risk Factors” section of Starbucks Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 1, 2017. The company assumes no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements. OUR MISSION
pelling business case for lities across America, while showing    products are some of the healthiest and
s setting an example to businesses and    the ability to cook for themselves. These Starbucks is a leader in the ongoing      “Starbucks deserves a massive amount reality. However, this takes a great     sustainable coffee. In two decades of
THE CLIMATE GROUP                           PIKE MARKET FOOD BANK “Starbucks is demonstrating the “The FoodShare program has had a huge renewable electricity. Their dynamic,      impact on Pike Market Food Bank. We collaborative and innovative approach      serve many seniors and people without millions of customers that Starbucks is    freshest meals our clients might get serious about slowing climate change.”     each week. I can’t possibly convey how grateful I am for this well-organized —Sam Kimmins, head of RE100                 partnership between Food Lifeline and Starbucks.” —Lilly Glover, Food Bank manager FOODSERVICE PACKAGING                      CONSERVATION INSTITUTE                                  INTERNATIONAL work to make a recyclable paper cup        of credit for driving innovation in deal of time and effort, and certainly     collaboration, they have consistently not something that can be done alone       adopted new approaches to increase or by simply designing a new cup.          transparency and effectiveness. The The truth is no cup is recyclable until    promise of connecting coffee farmers to it is widely accepted by communities,      coffee drinkers is an extraordinary leap recycling facilities and paper mills.      in transparency and accountability, We have been fortunate to have             and it speaks volumes about Starbucks Starbucks engagement and partnership       commitment to creating a product that in working on this challenge, and we       is good for people and for the planet.” look forward to continued collaboration toward a truly recyclable cup.”           —Dr. M. Sanjayan, executive vice president and senior scientist —Lynn M. Dyer, president © 2018 Starbucks Coffee Company. All rights reserved. SBX18-383984



To inspire and nurture the human spirit— one person, one cup and one neighborhood at a time. It’s our role and responsibility to stay true to our mission and values. To act with purpose and conviction, every day, in every community we serve.



We invite you to share your ideas with us at GLOBALSOCIALIMPACT@STARBUCKS.COM
