GLOBAL SOCIAL STARBUCKS 2018




IMPACT REPORT THE PURSUIT
INTRODUCTION




OF DOING REFLECTING ON OUR PROGRESS IN 2018




GOOD From the first time Starbucks opened its doors in Seattle’s Pike Place Market in 1971, we have been dedicated to exceptional coffee and customer service – and something more.

It started with our early travels to the places where our coffee is grown,         pay equity and investing in their success. understanding that our future is inextricably tied to the futures of farmers   military spouses, refugees, Opportunity and their families. We nurtured personal      Youth and those formerly incarcerated, relationships and built a global network      and helping them build their futures of support to create a new way to produce coffee: one that is sustainable, transparent and good for people and the       As it has been from the beginning, planet. As the threats of climate change      our purpose goes far beyond profit. have grown, we have been working to help coffee farms adapt and find innovative solutions in how we build          This report serves as a transparent and operate our stores, while reducing        acknowledgement of our efforts: where the environmental impact of our cups,         we have achieved and where we have straws and lids. Our stores are often the heart of a neighborhood, and we strive to make each one a welcoming and inclusive Third Place. As we have grown, so too         embracing new ideas and innovating has our opportunity to make a positive        in ways that are meaningful to our impact, from alleviating hunger through       customers and inspiring to our partners. our food donation program to making investments in local partnerships and         this journey. coffee- and tea-origin communities through The Starbucks Foundation.




IMPACT LEADING IN SUSTAINABILITY
S G L O B A L S O C I A L I M P A C T R E P O R T | 2




SUMMARY RESPONSIBLE COFFEE Our vision is simple: to produce sustainable coffee, served sustainably. For more than two decades, Starbucks has partnered with Conservation International on C.A.F.E. Practices, our ethical coffee sourcing program.

We now source 99 percent of our coffee this way, promoting quality,         than our cup. Yet our cups and packaging economic transparency and social and        remain one of our biggest environmental environmental impact with a vision to       challenges. We are looking for new ways make coffee the world’s first sustainable   to promote reusable cups and better agricultural product in the world.          manage the lifecycles of disposable Climate change represents significant       cups that are both recyclable and immediate and long-term risks to coffee farmers around the world, and        the NextGen Cup Challenge and are we are taking steps to help ensure the      launching a lightweight strawless lid supply of high-quality coffee for future    with a hope to eliminate 1 billion generations. Core to ensuring the long-     single-use plastic straws annually. Over term sustainability of coffee is also       the past decade we have struggled with ensuring the economic profitability for     our goal to significantly increase the farmers. We are investing in innovation     use of reusable cups in our stores. We to offer farmers new climate-resilient      are continuing to test new ideas and coffee tree varietals and support coffee-   approaches to the challenge. In the farming communities through our Global      UK we conducted a trial of a 5-pence Farmer Fund to make sure farmers have       disposable cup fee and a 25-pence access to low-interest financing that       reusable cup incentive, which increased will help them reinvest in their farms.     reusable cup usage for hot drinks sold We continue to share what we have learned with others through agronomy        percent. training for farmers, whether they sell to us or not. We are also supporting women and families in coffee- and tea-growing communities through
ER STORES ow that designing and building stores is not only environmentally nsible, it is good business. We dy operate more than 1,600 certified stores around the world, g us the world’s largest green lp us in that effort by offering quivalent of the energy consumed 0 Starbucks stores. And we are
Starbucks Foundation Origin Grants           to improve the sustainability                     partnering with developers to bring
that are focused on strengthening their      of their products. When leadership skills and income-generating activities to diversify their income. We’re also working toward a goal of          innovation, research and 100 percent ethically sourced tea and        measurement are the key cocoa for beverages by 2020. We are          elements needed to set them investing in sustainability, issuing our third sustainability bond in May 2019 for investors to participate in socially and     improvement,” said Erin Simon, environmentally focused projects and         Director of Sustainability R&D
rojects   online, including a wind 1 0                                 8 r tores in that state, including the


G L O B A L S O C I A L I M P A C T R E P O R T | 3 UMMARY




LEADING IN SUSTAINABILITY


COFFEE & TEA
Y

y s ip he ith e




by 2020 en their n and
TED IN M E R L O A N S




0

d ers ters d cluding ways



P A C T R E P O R T | 4 CT SUMMARY




LEADING IN SUSTAINABILITY


GREENER CUPS & PACKAGING    12       NEW CUP
O N S U M E R









70% *    Description FEWER STRAWS   Seattle and Vancouver, with seven more major markets planned for summer 2019.





e than 42 e working
SERVED
L CUPS begin to r reporting.

I M P A C T R E P O R T | 5 CT SUMMARY




LEADING IN SUSTAINABILITY


GREENER STORES
and will are: s ent
rgy




Y LY y to 020

wable e than n the ean ree- s are




ET NN EE RR SA P R O N ide to 2020

ers ron through th United



IMPACT STRENGTHENING COMMUNITIES
I M P A C T R E P O R T | 6




SUMMARY From the neighborhoods where our stores are located to the fields where our coffee is grown, we are dedicated to creating and investing in opportunities for people around the world. Our mission: to inspire and nurture the human spirit – one person, one cup
2

0 1

8




and one neighborhood at a time. Our commitment begins with cultivating      communities. Our Signing Stores, like a culture of belonging for the more than    the one that opened in near Gallaudet 100 million people who come through         University in Washington, D.C. in our doors each week. On May 29, 2018,       October 2018, are led by partners who we closed more than 8,000 stores across the United States so our partners could join a learning session on race, implicit bias and our recommitment to the Third Place. As our ceo Kevin Johnson said, this training session was      employment and leadership just one step in a journey for us to grow    for people who are Deaf and as a company that elevates equity, diversity and inclusion in all we do. We have developed additional training modules, asked Arizona State University      where we will be able to see the to develop an anti-bias curriculum, and      vibrancy of our language,” said published a Civil Rights assessment          Roberta Cordano, President of that evaluates our ongoing efforts to promote equity, diversity and inclusion for our partners, customers and the communities we serve.

Our stores are dedicated to serving more than coffee – they also serve the greater community. We encourage all our stores to participate in service projects, and thousands of partners have answered the call with 78,000 hours in 2018 alone. Our partners have also rescued more than 10 million pounds of food through our FoodShare program, donating fresh, unsold meals to local food banks in partnership with Feeding America. The Starbucks Foundation has supported organizations working to create job and education opportunities for young people, including $1.3 million in Opportunity for All grants in 2018.




G L O B A L S O C I A L I M P A C T R E P O R T | 7
IMPACT SUMMARY




STRENGTHENING COMMUNITIES


HIGHLIGHTS
OF contributed service to the We encourage mpactful to
ITY SERVICE n service in a




MILITARY T O R E S re than near major United States, and their resources. We nity Stores South Korea, eeds of their




MAY 29, 2018




175,000 PARTNERS PARTICIPATED
.



IN ANTI-BIAS TRAINING



IMPACT CREATING OPPORTUNITIES
A L I M P A C T R E P O R T | 8




SUMMARY We believe opportunities thrive every day in our stores. It’s inherent in our values, the benefits that we provide for our partners, and the way we work to make a difference in our communities and around the planet. It is rooted in our belief that it is possible to do well in
2 0 1 8




the world and do well in business at the       We have made a series of hiring same time. We hope to not just create opportunity,        experience barriers to employment, but equal opportunity. In March 2018 we        with goals to hire 25,000 veterans and announced we had achieved 100 percent          military spouses; 10,000 refugees; and pay equity for men and women and people of all races in the United States       working or in school. performing similar work along with a commitment to achieve gender pay equity in all company-owned markets globally. We announced 100 percent gender pay equity in Canada and China          for the Starbucks Service Fellows with one year later, and have joined the Employers for Pay Equity consortium to         hours in their store each week while help close the U.S. gender pay gap. We         spending another 20 hours with a local strive to make our workplace an inclusive      nonprofit. These models will inform one, supporting our DACA partners and all Dreamers and efforts to offer a        enduring change in our communities. second chance to Americans who have been incarcerated. We have expanded benefits for transgender partners and been recognized as a top employer for LGBTQ workplace equality.

We are investing in pathways to opportunity through employment, education and training. Since Starbucks began offering partners an online bachelor’s degree program through Arizona State University with full tuition coverage, more than 2,400 have graduated and 12,000 more are currently enrolled. There is no requirement to stay with the company: graduates are free to pursue their dreams wherever they take them.




S G L O B A L S O C I A L I M P A C T R E P O R T | 9 MMARY




CREATING OPPORTUNITIES


HIRING

ith as





022

a ieve s




C T R E P O R T | 1 0
IMPACT SUMMARY




CREATING OPPORTUNITIES


E Q U I T Y, D I V E R S I T Y & INCLUSION
ADERS
ARE WOMEN

SENIOR LEADERS ARE ership level, 50% women in representation by er 2015
PEOPLE OF COLOR

eaders (senior vice ve) 42% are women, since 2015, and 19% r, which is the same . We have seen an entation for people of president and director




100%

PAY EQUITY IN U.S.; GENDER EQUITY IN PAY IN CANADA AND CHINA
and




COLLEGE
DIPLOMAS

artners by 2025 ucks College

re currently enrolled d 2,400 partners have ’s degree since 2014. ing accessibility and ance through our



ABOUT
S O C I A L I M P A C T R E P O R T | 1 1
CONCLUSION




THIS REPORT SCOPE Our report for fiscal 2018 focuses on our performance against the goals we set in three key areas: leading in sustainability, strengthening communities, and creating opportunities. These areas are critical to our business and are also where we know

we can and do have the greatest impact.       dollars, unless otherwise noted. We’ve also included links to information and resources publicly available at Starbucks.com regarding our financial,        Starbucks has produced an annual global corporate governance, workplace and diversity policies and performance, because these commitments are directly        our website. tied to our business. Starbucks is committed to the United          Starbucks management is responsible
ial airy and other
F O RWA R D - LO O K I N G S TAT E M E N T S Our reporting on global responsibility for fiscal 2018 includes forward-looking statements about the company’s business and its future business plans, initiatives, goals and objectives. These and competitive information and are subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties. Actual future results may differ materially depending on a variety of factors including, but not raw material prices and availability; successful execution of the company’s
Nations Sustainable Development               for the preparation and integrity of the
Goals and uses these goals as a lens          information reported for fiscal 2018. for our social impact programs and collaborations with others. Based on          including a comprehensive verification our stakeholder-engagement efforts, we also believe these areas are important to our customers, our partners, non-governmental organizations (NGOs) and investors. While our commitments are global, some reporting reflects results for specific markets where noted. We continue to work to validate and improve our global reporting efforts, so we can consistently and accurately report on our performance.
blueprint for growth and other strategies; cost reduction and other initiatives; fluctuations in U.S. and international economies and currencies; the impact of competition; the effect of legal proceedings; and other risks detailed in the company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the “Risk Factors” section of Starbucks Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018. The company assumes no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements.




K S G L O B A L S O C I A L I M P A C T R E P O R T | 1 2
