S TA R B U C K S 2 0 1 9




G LO B A L SOCIAL I M PAC T REPORT MESSAGE FROM KEVIN JOHNSON Dear Starbucks partners, customers and stakeholders:

As we provide our 19th annual update on our global social impact activity, we also sit at a significant time in history that’s requiring major changes to our business around the world as quickly and dynamically as possible to meet the needs of our partners, customers and communities during the COVID-19 pandemic.

Starbucks partners are showing how resilient they are in ways no one dreamed about a year ago. They’re upping the ante every day on what our company represents: Using the ritual of connecting over coffee to uplift the everyday experience and drive deeper human connection.

Each one of us at Starbucks is forever changed from this pandemic, as are the communities we serve. It has underscored how important serving our customers and communities is to us, and it’s        Chicago brought new perspective and resonance to the ability Starbucks has to make the world a better place. This time is historic in an         We also invested in the future of greener cups, packaging and additional way, as many of our communities are coming together to protest racial injustice and highlight the vast improvement necessary in the way society treats people of color. Clearly, current     communities, including dispersing a $20 million Emergency Farmer events are showing us that executing our global social impact agenda successfully is now more important than ever.

INVESTING IN PEOPLE AND THE PLANET Decades ago, Starbucks developed an agenda of global social impact priorities. In broad strokes, our investments have centered        global chief officer of ethics and compliance, Tyson Avery. around balancing our role as a for-profit company with the betterment of people and the planet. That means we invest in people – especially our partners, so they in turn can support people in the communities we serve. It also means we recognize healthy human lives depend on healthy ecosystems, so we work to better the health of our natural resources. As a result, we now have a long-term aspiration to be a resource positive company – storing more carbon than we emit, providing more clean freshwater than we use, and eliminating waste. We can be proud of our Global Social Impact progress in fiscal year 2019. We continued working to put partners first and create          care of it and each other. We understand the interdependency of a culture where everyone is welcome, including conducting a first-time, third-party Civil Rights Assessment that we continue          diverse voices participating in these conversations, so we can hear to consider and implement. We worked to strengthen the communities where Starbucks partners live and work, expanding innovative grants, investments and community service models.
last year to hire our first first inue ow sponsibly e our e l the is
a testament to our increasing commitment to our people and bal chief officer of sustainability, Michael Kobori; our first global e than others.
ow in mid-2020, the world
has changed, the needs are The crisis we are navigating has underscored that our world is small, and we need to take

Continued on next page




© 2020 Starbucks Coffee Company. All rights reserved. MESSAGE FROM KEVIN JOHNSON From the onset of the pandemic, we have moved swiftly to take actions to address our people and planet priorities. We’ve acted to address urgent needs related to COVID-19 as detailed and updated here. As an example, Starbucks has committed to a first-of-its-kind $10 million emergency relief fund for partners in          or a wildfire, or now as we re-open and strive to provide some both company-operated and licensed retail store markets around the world. In the U.S. and Canada, we were able to provide temporary benefits for partners, more support for food banks and free coffee for first responders and frontline healthcare workers. Starbucks partners are innovating in other timely, locally meaningful ways. Our partners in Asia have led the way in organizing food and coffee          provide resources and tools donations to hospitals, nonprofits, local police and health officials,       to help inform local decisions, and other frontline workers. And our partners around the world have echoed those demonstrations of gratitude. During the pandemic, we’ve had to pause on allowing reusable cups. But we continue our commitment to shift to more reusable packaging as well as more fully recyclable and compostable packaging, ensuring we also prioritize health and safety. This requires innovation from our own experts as well as many other alliances.
mpact Report | 2 d uring urricane g The Starbucks
As always, Starbucks partners Just as this approach applies Foundation’s approach to addressing local communities’ needs. And it applies to our teams in our nine Farmer Support Centers in coffee-growing regions worldwide as they serve the needs of coffee farmers and their communities.

Because of our partners’ inspiring daily actions, I’m more optimistic than ever that we can overcome this global challenge and emerge with deeper perspective about the role we should be playing as a for-profit enterprise that also has a great deal of power to make positive global social impact.

Meanwhile, The Starbucks Foundation continues to invest millions of dollars to support a variety of organizations, extending emergency assistance to those in need while also helping to build a path towards recovery and resilience.
for: People positive, planet positive and profit positive, working as
As Starbucks approaches its 50th anniversary in 2021, I hold those thoughts in my mind every day – that as we evolve our business in major ways, we must stay true to our heritage and what we stand partners to create a different kind of company for the next


THIS IS WHO WE ARE Making a positive social impact runs deep at Starbucks. Since the beginning, our purpose has gone beyond profit. We believe in the pursuit of doing good. The idea of Starbucks being a Third Place
president and ceo




© 2020 Starbucks Coffee Company. All rights reserved. F O R U S, T H E P U R S U I T O F P R O F I T I S C O N S I S T E N T W I T H
l Impact Report | 3

TH E PURSUIT O F DOING GOOD At Starbucks we stand for being people positive, planet positive and profit positive, living our Mission and Values while working together as partners to build a different kind of company. Our annual global social impact reporting focuses on three areas: leading in sustainability, creating meaningful opportunities, and strengthening our communities. These are areas critical to our business, and where we know we can have notable impact.

This summary serves as transparent acknowledgment of our efforts in fiscal year 2019, including what we have achieved to       Seattle date, where we’re falling short, and what is still to come. We hope you will continue to join us on our journey.




OUR MISSION

To inspire and nurture the human spirit – one person, one cup and one neighborhood at a time.


a Alsacia Coffee Farm, Costa Rica




Daegu, South Korea
New York




ro, Ga.




© 2020 Starbucks Coffee Company. All rights reserved. LEAD I N G I N S USTAI NABILITY Expanding on our history in sustainability and progress in building a more sustainable future for coffee, we announced in January of 2020 a multi-decade aspiration to be a resource-positive company, giving more than it takes from the planet. The announcement included science-based preliminary target reductions of carbon, water and waste by 2030. Informed by an environmental baseline report it outlined five strategies to move forward, such as shifting away from single-use to reusable packaging, and finding better ways to manage our waste. We’ll share new commitments in the spring of 2021 as we celebrate Starbucks 50th anniversary.
port | 4



COFFEE & TEA
FY19 PROGRESS




99%
FARME R S TR AIN E D

Goal: 100% ethically sourced coffee
2020

For the fifth year in a row in FY19, more than 99% of our coffee       Our Global Agronomy Center and Farmer Support Center at was verified as ethically sourced under C.A.F.E. Practices. Although   Hacienda Alsacia in Costa Rica and our eight other Farmer Support we are constantly striving for 100%, the last 1% is where some         Centers around the world provide open-source training and of our most important work happens, bringing on new farmers and cooperatives to help ensure the long-term future of coffee.        88,000 farmers. We continue to work as part of the Sustainable Coffee Challenge to make coffee the world’s first sustainable agricultural product and improve the lives of at least one million people in coffee communities around the world.
ly
INVE S TE D IN FARME R LOAN S

IN FY19 EMERGENCY RELIEF FUNDS

40M
Invest $50 million in farmer loans by the end of 2020

Goal: Provide 100 million coffee trees to farmers by 2025 Starbucks has donated coffee trees over the past four years to         addition to relief funds, such as the $20 million we dispersed in farmers in Mexico, Guatemala and El Salvador. These climate- resilient trees replace ones that are declining in productivity due    experienced the effects of low global coffee prices. to age and disease, such as coffee leaf rust, and help improve the quality and yields of their harvests. As of June 2020, the next 10 million are being distributed, with close monitoring of potential complications related to COVID-19.
cks Global Farmer Fund to support farmers. This comes in

WOME N IMPAC TE D S IN CE 2018

99% Goal: 100% ethically sourced tea We continue to work toward our goal of 100% ethically sourced          Starbucks Foundation is supporting women and families in tea, making significant progress from 95% in FY18 to 99% in FY19       coffee- and tea-growing communities across Africa, Asia and by sourcing tea from farms that have been certified through Rainforest Alliance, UTZ, or Fair Trade. As purchased by Starbucks global tea sourcing team. *
Empower at least 250,000 women and families in coffee, d cocoa growing communities globally by 2025 h 18 grants totaling more than $5 million since 2018, The




© 2020 Starbucks Coffee Company. All rights reserved. LEAD I N G I N S USTAI NABILITY G R E E N E R C U P S & PA C KA G I N G
t Report | 5
FY19 PROGRESS




12        M A J O R C I T I E S R E C YC L I N G S TA R B U C K S C U P S   10%        P O S T- C O N S U M E R F I B E R

TRIALING OF NEW CUP TECHNOLOGIES Goal: Double the recyclability of our cups from 2016-2022; develop 100% compostable and recyclable hot cups by 2022 In 2016, 24% of Starbucks stores in the U.S. and Canada accepted our hot cups for recycling; in 2019, this number increased to 25%.          wood paper fiber we source. Work accelerated in 2019, as the NextGen Consortium, of which Starbucks is a co-founder, identified 12 winning cup technologies of the NextGen Cup Challenge. In-store market testing began in the spring of 2020 with a cup that is industrially compostable as well as
hot cups by 2022
tarbucks hot cups currently contain 10% post-consumer fiber PCF), and we are working to double the recycled content to 20% .8%          R E U S A B I L I T Y R AT E I N
MEASURED MARKETS

recyclable in markets that accept hot cups. We continue to research         Goal: Double the use of reusable cups from 2016-2022 and test cup liner solutions that will make our cup easier to recycle and compost, while also working with the Consortium to improve recycling and composting infrastructure. In Europe, Starbucks launched a £1 million Cup Fund supporting ambitious recycling projects in conjunction with the environmental charity Hubbub. Starbucks cups currently are accepted for recycling in Amsterdam; Boston; Chattanooga; Dallas; Denver; London; Louisville; New York;          tracking program now in development there. In Europe, Starbucks San Francisco; Seattle; Vancouver; Washington, DC; and many smaller cities.
n’s
n 2019 we implemented new ways to track reusable cup usage, nd we tracked a 2.8% reusability rate in company-operated tores in the U.S., Canada, Japan, and EMEA. This meant that ustomers received a discount for bringing their own cup or used ceramic mug offered in store, saving more than 105 million

e continue to conduct research and evolve our strategy to ncourage customer adoption of reusables.



O NTI N U E D R O LLO UT O F S TR AW LE S S LI D S A N D U S TA I N A B L E M AT E R I A L S T R AW S

oal: Eliminate single-use plastic straws globally by the end of 2020

n 2019 Starbucks continued the expansion of lightweight strawless ids for cold beverages, as well as rollout of alternative material traws. By the end of calendar year 2020, we anticipate that all ompany-owned stores and the majority of licensees will have liminated single-use plastic straws. However, regulatory and anufacturing challenges in light of COVID-19 threaten the ability o fully roll out a new sustainable material straw in the U.S. and anada by the end of 2020, with a new anticipated goal date of pring 2021. Starbucks will continue to provide straws to customers ho need or request them in our stores.




© 2020 Starbucks Coffee Company. All rights reserved. LEAD I N G I N S USTAI NABILITY G R E E N E R R E TA I L
Impact Report | 6
FY19 PROGRESS




741
O F G L O B A L O P E R AT I O N S P O W E R E D B Y
R E N E WA B LE E N E R GY

Goal: Build and operate 10,000 greener stores globally by 2025         Goal: Invest in 100% renewable energy to power global Starbucks has built more than 1,600 LEED®-certified stores around the world, and in early FY20, the Shanghai Roastery set         Starbucks purchases enough renewable energy to power 100% a new benchmark in green retail as the first in mainland China’s       of its company-operated stores in the U.S., Canada and the UK. food retail industry to be certified LEED Platinum. Now in partnership with the World Wildlife Fund and in collaboration          by renewables. This is down from 77% in FY18, driven in part with other nongovernmental organizations, we’re going beyond LEED, expanding the scope and breadth of our greener stores commitment with an open-source Greener Stores framework for design, construction and operation.
ions globally by the end of 2020

14,800
in a large wind farm in Illinois and solar farms in Texas.
work to buy more renewable energy, we also continue est in solar and wind farms, with 2019 highlights being

Goal: Empower 10,000 partners to be sustainability champions by the end of 2020

In FY19, we surpassed our goal and as of April 2020 have more than 26,000 Starbucks partners enrolled in the Greener Apron sustainability training program through Starbucks Global Academy.




Seattle


n, Tex.








© 2020 Starbucks Coffee Company. All rights reserved. CREATI NG MEANI NGFUL OPPORT UNITIES Since our founding, Starbucks has a long legacy of putting our partners first and creating a culture where everyone is welcome. In 2019, we published a Civil Rights Assessment in which Covington & Burling LLP evaluated our ongoing efforts related to diversity, equity and inclusion and how they support our mission and values. We continue to track annually against this assessment, reviewing its recommendations as we plan. Our equity and inclusion activity is updated regularly here.
ct Report | 7

Among partners, our approach is to create meaningful opportunities by investing in their health, well-being, and overall success, all while working to advance a culture of equity and inclusion. This means ensuring that leadership demonstrates commitment and accountability to inclusion and diversity. It means building collective understanding among all partners, and cultivating a more inclusive workplace, where partners feel valued and a sense of belonging. It means building and sustaining a highly engaged, high-performing, and diverse workforce at all levels. And it means ensuring equal opportunity, pay equity, and proactive workplace resolutions.



PA R T N E R S
FY19 PROGRESS




3,200+
U.S. A N D C A N A D A M E N T A L H E A LT H I N I T I A T I V E F A M I LY S U P P O R T B E N E F I T S

Goal: Graduate 25,000 Starbucks partners from Arizona State University (ASU) by the end of 2025

Starbucks College Achievement Plan is helping partners complete        Starbucks continues to pioneer innovative benefits for our full- their education through Arizona State University (ASU) online.         and part-time partners in the U.S., and internationally, we continue We are proud to continue to lead in this area, providing 100%          to customize our compensation packages to remain competitive tuition reimbursement to partners that work an average of 20 hours a week or more. As of June 2020, more than 4,500 partners have earned first-time bachelor’s degrees since the program was        The new mental health initiative announced to U.S. and Canadian announced in 2014. We also continue to expand the Starbucks Global Academy, a globally accessible platform created in partnership with ASU for       training to 12,000 store managers and field leaders. In FY19 we Starbucks partners as well as customers, community members, and learners around the world that delivers world-class learning       intrauterine insemination in the U.S. and Canada. content and eliminates barriers to high quality education.
urther rollout in early FY20, includes efforts ing
ak the stigma around mental health needs, connect partners




ity, Calif.



© 2020 Starbucks Coffee Company. All rights reserved. CREATI NG MEANI NGFUL OPPORT UNITIES PA R T N E R S
act Report | 8
FY19 PROGRESS




100%
WOMEN IN SENIOR LEADERSHIP


100%
17%          PEOPLE OF COLOR IN SENIOR LEADERSHIP

Goal: 100% global gender pay equity in U.S. and company- owned markets
0% representation by people of color since 2015

Our pay equity achievements to date were reached in FY18 and maintained with continued rigor in FY19. We continue to work toward global pay equity. In 2019 the median pay for women globally was 98.3% of the median for men, while in the U.S., the median pay ratio was 100% for women and 100% for people of color. In the U.S., Starbucks and 25 other U.S. employers in the Employers for Pay Equity consortium agreed in 2019 to work with a shared set of Pay Equity Principles. We have established U.S. best practices supporting these principles. Going forward we will establish global
d is n & pany
et new representation goals for the first time across all roles,
including, at minimum, a goal of 40% people of color and 55%

best practices as well.
~175K AP AN RT IT-NBEIRASS PTARRATI NI CI INPGA TSIINNGC EI N2 0 1 8


Goal: Cultivation of inclusion and diversity awareness

Following Starbucks Civil Rights Assessment in January of 2019, we have implemented several recommendations and continue to review them as we plan. In FY19, we published principles on upholding the third place and rolled out new resources for partners including To Be Welcoming, a 15-course online curriculum designed to address bias through understanding the human experience; the course is also available to customers.








© 2020 Starbucks Coffee Company. All rights reserved. CREATI NG MEANI NGFUL OPPORT UNITIES COMMUNITIES
ocial Impact Report | 9
FY19 PROGRESS




61,000+
5B          SPENT WITH DIVERSE SUPPLIERS
SINCE 2000

Goal: Hire 100,000 Opportunity Youth by the end of 2020 These hiring commitments are intended to welcome new partners from communities that may experience barriers to employment. The FY19 status for Opportunity Youth is a decrease from the FY18         Starbucks Supplier Diversity and Inclusion program drives status due to an identified technical error.
e with disabilities-,
rbucks serves while delivering high-quality products and eran-, LGBTQ- and small (8(a) and HUBZone)-owned pliers throughout our supply chain. To continue these efforts,

~28,000 VS PE TOEURSAENS SHAI RNEDDM I L I T A R Y Goal: Hire 25,000 veterans and military spouses by 2025
ude mentorship
ponents to assist suppliers in developing to a point where

We met our military hiring goal six years early, with a new goal set to hire 5,000 veterans and military spouses annually. More detail on our military commitment is here.




~2,100 R E F U G E E S H I R E D Goal: Hire 10,000 refugees globally by 2022

We continue to collaborate with other employers to share best practices and build partnerships with refugee-serving organizations. Starbucks EMEA has hired refugees in 12 countries across the region in partnership with local non-governmental organizations.




New York




Dallas







© 2020 Starbucks Coffee Company. All rights reserved. STRE NGTH ENI NG OUR COMMUNITIES At Starbucks we take actions to strengthen our communities by listening, supporting, investing and uplifting in meaningful ways – whether that’s the neighborhoods that host our stores, or the regions that grow our coffee. In late FY19 at Starbucks Leadership Experience, we rolled out new resources and tools to empower 12,000 store leaders in the U.S. and Canada to serve their communities in ways that align to Starbucks global social impact priorities and are also locally relevant. We’ve seen success from this especially during the COVID-19 pandemic, with examples tracked here.
act Report | 10



COMMUNITY SUPPORT
FY19 PROGRESS




16        COMMUNITY STORES
O N AT E D I N T H E U.S. , W I T H ~6 0 %
O F E L I G I B L E S T O R E S P A R T I C I P AT I N G

Goal: Open Community Stores in 15 diverse, low to medium income urban communities in the U.S. by the end of 2020

We’ve invested globally in 16 Community Stores, 14 in the U.S., one         Starbucks FoodShare program in the U.S., which launched in 2016 in South Korea, and one in Thailand, which provide extra services and resources specific to their communities. In the U.S. in FY19, new stores opened in Dallas, Birmingham, Ala. and Jonesboro, Ga., with an expanded commitment in early 2020 to operate 100 of them by 2025.
arn logistical challenges of ongoing perishable food
elivery as we increase the scale of this program.

65          M I L I T A R Y F A M I LY S T O R E S I N T H E U.S. Our Military Family Stores create a welcoming space to bring active duty military and their spouses together with their communities.
nternationally, similar programs exist in several markets, including 3 countries across EMEA.




3     S I G N I N G S T O R E S G L O B A L LY

Our Signing Stores are designed to provide employment opportunities for deaf and hard of hearing people and drive greater connection within that community.




1,500+

Goal: Promote dialogue, empathy and stronger neighborhoods through by building relationships with law enforcement and first responders

Building trusted relationships with law enforcement is an important part of sustaining a welcoming and safe environment in its stores. Starbucks has continued to build relationships and trust with law enforcement through alliances with national organizations as well as interactive Coffee with a Cop events.




© 2020 Starbucks Coffee Company. All rights reserved. STRE NGTH ENI NG OUR COMMUNITIES T H E S TA R B U C K S F O U N D AT I O N
Impact Report | 11
FY19 PROGRESS



SERVICE FELLOWS PROGR AM LAUNCH Goal: Test an innovative community service model After a successful test in FY19, we expanded The Starbucks Foundation Service Fellows program, in which 100 Starbucks hourly store partners in 20 cities work 20 hours in their store each         FY19, including: week while spending another 20 hours with a local nonprofit. The program is catalytic in communities that need support and provides an opportunity for Starbucks partners to build local nonprofit capacity and further serve their communities.
ants in
~ $16M I N G R A N T S Goal: Strengthen local communities • 63 Opportunity for All Grants totaling $1.4M • $ 2M generated during holiday giving to 8 nonprofit organizations • Origin grants as detailed on page 5

Internationally, The Starbucks Foundation invested in programs that promote opportunity, from refugee employment programs in Europe to youth-focused grants in partnership with the Alsea Foundation across multiple Latin American markets.

In the U.S., The Starbucks Foundation has a partnership with the American Red Cross supporting disaster preparedness, response and recovery in the U.S. Responses in FY19 included those to Hurricane Dorian and mass shootings in El Paso and Dayton.

The Starbucks Foundation’s Neighborhood Grants help build sustained local impact and inspire increased partner volunteerism with nonprofit organizations that work in our communities. This program was launched in FY19, inviting hundreds of store managers to nominate local nonprofit organizations that are meaningful in their communities. Similarly, The Starbucks Foundation awarded Greener Apron grants to multiple environmental organizations submitted by Greener Apron- certified partners.

support organizations creating pathways to lifelong opportunity
The Starbucks Foundation’s Opportunity for All Grants help and programs, which create job and training opportunities for people who may face barriers.

The Starbucks Foundation celebrated the holiday season by matching customer donations to eight nonprofit partners through the Match the Magic campaign.




© 2020 Starbucks Coffee Company. All rights reserved. ABOU T TH IS REPORT
Impact Report | 12

SCOPE
M AT I O N I N T E G R I T Y

Our Global Social Impact report for fiscal 2019 focuses on the goals in our three key social impact areas: leading in sustainability,   integrity of the information reported for fiscal 2019. Through a creating meaningful opportunities and strengthening our communities. We’ve also included links to information and resources publicly available at stories.starbucks.com and starbucks.com regarding financial, corporate governance work, workplace and diversity policies and performance, because these          verification over specified metrics is provided by Moss Adams LLP. commitments are directly tied to our business.
fication ity

Starbucks is committed to United Nations Sustainable Development Goals and uses these goals as a lens for our social impact programs and collaborations with others. Based on our stakeholder engagement efforts, we also believe these areas are important to our customers, our partners, non-governmental organizations (NGOs) and investors. REPORTING YEAR Starbucks fiscal year 2019 (October 1, 2018 through September 29,        measures or voluntary actions that may be put in place as a result 2019), unless otherwise noted. CURRENCY All references to currency are in U.S. dollars, unless otherwise         and Exchange Commission, including the “Risk Factors” section noted. PREVIOUS REPORTS Starbucks has produced an annual global social impact report since 2001. Previous annual reports are available on our website. We also submit performance and data to key industry-recognized reports such as the Dow Jones Sustainability Index and the Carbon Disclosure Project annual carbon emissions report.
lly depending on a variety of factors including er raw material prices and ther strategies; cost reduction and other initiatives; ks Annual Report Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended n to update any of these forward-looking ation.
reporting on global responsibility for fiscal 2019 includes ard-looking statements about the company’s business and future business plans, initiatives, goals and objectives. These ard-looking statements are based on currently available ating, financial and competitive information and are subject number of significant risks uncertainties. Actual future results ct of COVID-19 on our business operations; regulatory lability; successful execution of the company’s blueprint for other risks detailed in the company’s filings with the Securities ember 29, 2019 and Starbucks Quarterly Report on Form for the fiscal quarter ended March 29, 2020. The company ements.




© 2020 Starbucks Coffee Company. All rights reserved.
pact Report | 13
