LIVING OUR VALUES KELLOGG COMPANY’S GLOBAL CODE OF ETHICS
TM Principles We act with integrity. We treat
Global Code of Ethics OUR PEOPLE
We Are All Accountable      each other with fairness and
respect.

We Are Passionate About     OUR CONSUMERS
s    We delight our consumers with safe, high-quality, great-
tasting foods.

OUR MARKETPLACE We compete vigorously and y
with integrity. We partner with those who demonstrate our values.

OUR INVESTORS We are a preferred investment because we deliver the present while creating the future.

OUR COMMUNITIES We use natural resources responsibly and support our communities.




2 MESSAGE FROM JOHN BRYANT Dear Colleagues,

You don’t need me to tell you that Kellogg is a special company; you realized that when you first walked through our doors. I feel both humbled and proud to lead a company whose founder’s 100-plus-year legacy lives on in the way we run our business, serve our customers and consumers, create sustainable value for our investors and make a difference in our communities.

Today, our Vision – to enrich and delight the world through foods and brands that matter – and our Purpose – nourishing families so they can flourish and thrive – enable us to face a truly global future with confidence.

All of this is made possible by our commitment to our values – our K Values™ – which guide us in the way we pursue our goals, tackle challenges and find answers to the tough questions that can arise for a company doing business around a dynamic, complex and hyper-connected world. Our continued success and reputation depend upon each of us living our values and acting ethically, responsibly and in compliance with the law. Our Global Code of Ethics, titled ‘Living Our Values’, represents the culture we’ve built and the commitment we’ve made to continue earning the trust of those who love our brands. This important document is a guidebook for the journey we’re on. I would ask you to consult it regularly, ask questions and raise any concerns you might have – with me personally, if you wish. That’s how seriously I take the standards for conduct we have set.
Our Vision: Our Purpose: Nourishing families

Thank you for Living Our Values and doing your part to maintain Kellogg’s legacy of trust.



Sincerely,








TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Core Standards in Brief................................................................................................2 Message from John Bryant, Our President and CEO...................................3
.................................................................................. 19
LIVING OUR VALUES • Kellogg Company’s Global Code of Ethics   3 At Kellogg, we thrive together. We make decisions and act in the best interests of Kellogg rather than for personal gain.

How We Do What’s Right - Code Introduction...................................................6 Everyone, Everywhere, Every Day..................................................................................7
n making could be influenced by close personal or ..........................................................7                              		            family relationships.
Relatives and Friends........................................................................................ 20
We avoid putting ourselves in a position where our judgment

How We Uphold the Code.......................................................................................................9
..................8 ...........................................8                                             		            We ensure that our investments and those of our close relatives .......9 ........9 ......................................................................9                  		            outside jobs or other activities to hinder our contributions .................................................9 ...................................................................... 10                		            We share knowledge of opportunities we uncover and ............................................... 10                                       		            better pursue our goals as a company and serve those who .......................................................................... 10            		            count on us. ................................................... 11                                   		 Gifts and Entertainment................................................................................. 22 .................................................................. 11                    		 We do not give or receive inappropriate gifts, favors and ................................................................................... 11
Personal or Close Relatives’ Investments....................................... 20 do not create conflicts of interest that could affect our objectivity when making work decisions. Outside Employment and Other Activities.................................... 21 We each give our best effort every day at Kellogg, not allowing to Kellogg. Corporate Opportunities................................................................................ 21 discoveries we make in the course of our work so that we can entertainment.



Living Our Values for OUR PEOPLE.................................................................................... 12
.......................... 14 for ople in the .............................................. 15 iduals of inclusive ...................... 16 our e of ........................................... 17                                           OUR MARKETPLACE............................................................ 30 ’ personal, such those with y ....................................................... 18 lso
UMERS................................................................... 24
Living Our Values for Delivering on Quality, Safety and Value...................................................... 26 We delight our consumers with great-tasting, high-quality products. We are committed to providing safe foods our consumers can trust. Promoting Honest Marketing Practices....................................................... 27 We show pride in our brands and understand the importance of accuracy and appropriate transparency in advertising and packaging. Protecting Consumer Data....................................................................................... 28 We respect the privacy of all individuals and take the necessary and legally required precautions to protect personal data. Living Our Values for Doing Business Globally.............................................................................................. 32 As a global company doing business around the world, Kellogg is committed to complying with applicable laws that govern international trade. Promoting Fair Competition................................................................................... 33 We seek to outperform our competitors fairly and honestly, achieving competitive advantage through superior performance and never through unethical or illegal business practices.




4 Living Our Values for
..................................... 34 ss r etitors. ................................. 35 he best .................................... 36 parency nt or . ................ 38 o ....... 39 o ate
Ethics
OUR COMMUNITIES............................................................. 48 Protecting the Environment.................................................................................... 50 We are committed to building a more sustainable society by striving to minimize our environmental footprint and developing solutions that conserve resources and protect our planet. Contributing to Our Communities..................................................................... 51 We are committed to supporting the communities where our employees live and work, while also exploring ways to address broader challenges in society. Participating in Politics and Government Affairs............................... 52 We encourage our employees to participate in the political process as active citizens. As a company, we will engage constructively with all governments in whose jurisdictions we operate. Personal Political Activity............................................................................. 52 We encourage individual participation in civic and political activities, including holding political office. Corporate Political Activity.......................................................................... 53 Wherever we do business, we comply with federal, state and local political campaign finance and election laws.

OUR INVESTORS........................................................................ 40
Lobbying......................................................................................................................... 53
We will never apply, or attempt to apply, improper influence on any government agency, representative or legislator to produce an outcome favorable to Kellogg. W. K. Kellogg: A Legacy of Integrity........................................................................... 54

............... 43 ble value
l Access Numbers for Our Ethics Alertline.......................................... 55

...................................................................... 44 al

....................................................... 45

....................... 46 mation rice

....................................................................... 47 c.
Legacy of Quality and Integrity – Photo from 1981 advertisement




Our Values – l Code of Ethics , our founder, W. K. Kellogg, saw the promise in a single ion and commitment to nutrition, Kellogg’s Corn Flakes® ereal industry was born.
LIVING OUR VALUES • Kellogg Company’s Global Code of Ethics                                                                                          5

ny (“Kellogg”) pursues its Vision and Purpose in , the world has never been more interconnected s means the actions of a single individual have the e people in more ways than ever before. This creates Kellogg – but also risks. It’s why we have to be more w we do what’s right.

the right thing, our K ValuesTM are foundational. Our DNA. They guide the way we work with our business mmunities and with each other. Through integrity, , humility, simplicity and a focus on success, we have cal performance culture.

llogg Company’s Global Code of Ethics. We gave it this K ValuesTM - embodying them day-to-day in our decisions ial to our individual and collective success, enabling us to iness success and maintain a strong reputation. The Code tant information as well as resources that help us conduct thically, responsibly and in accordance with our values. It e and relevant to our day-to-day jobs. We should all be Code and use it often.

are organized under five major headings, representing our e groups of people who have a stake in or are otherwise our business. They are: Our People, Our Consumers, vestors and Our Communities.

opics under these groups for convenience and ease of mutually exclusive, since some topics may apply to more




6


oach to doing ct ourselves.



is important to wanted risk ility.



WHAT It Means
in other words, ions and those

o important, how




EVERYONE, EVERYWHERE, EVERY DAY Our reputation and success depend upon the decisions and actions of our people, all over the world. We are committed to ensuring that every action we take honors our K Values and is in full compliance with the law and this Code.


Everyone’s Responsibilities As employees, we are all responsible – individually and collectively – for how Kellogg does business and the impact Kellogg has in the world. We pursue our Vision and Purpose and honor our founder’s legacy of integrity through the right behaviors, which always involve:

• • •
is Code, ncouraging cisions on sed on the maintaining

We seek guidance as needed from the resources identified on page 10 and report actual or suspected violations of our Code, company policies and the law.




ities for Leaders and Managers are required to act with integrity, show respect and build managers have special responsibilities under our Code. If se others, Kellogg requires you to demonstrate ethical the right tone by:
LIVING OUR VALUES • Kellogg Company’s Global Code of Ethics   7

sitive work environment in which only legal, ethical, responsible e behaviors are acceptable, bearing this in mind whenever you promote or delegate. priate behaviors that are consistent with our Code and K Values. unicating the importance of ethically sound business practices the ethical and legal implications of business decisions. uate training and development resources to enable employees ir duties appropriately and grow their careers. ormance review process to evaluate employees on what business y achieve and how they achieve them. d mitigating ethics and compliance risks, as well as other business risks. ropriately and in a timely way to colleagues who seek advice rns, helping them to feel secure and at ease in doing so. ments and managing employees’ expectations. countability among all employees, regardless of position or ct of interest situations to achieve fair and appropriate outcomes.




Making Decisions the Kellogg Way How we make a decision says as much about who we are as a company as the decision itself. It is important that we make decisions that we can be proud of; decisions that support behaviors that are legal, ethical and responsible. This Decision Tool can help us navigate the gray areas of business and ensure we make the best choices.



Not Sure? rs                        Consult with others thics                      Discuss with your ce                       manager for guidance




HOW Do We Do It? sistent               Will it enhance our culture Yes         and reputation and benefit this cy?                        our stakeholders?
nce
Proceed Yes       with



NO Don’t Do It


8 Responsibilities of Suppliers and Other Business Partners We believe in doing business with business partners (such as suppliers, contrac- tors, joint venture partners, agents, sales representatives, distributors and consultants) who share our values and approach to doing business. We expect these business partners to review, understand and act consistently with the standards set out in our Kellogg Global Supplier Code of Conduct.


HOW WE UPHOLD THE CODE Our Global Code of Ethics applies to all employees and officers of Kellogg and its subsidiaries. Contractors, consultants and others working on our behalf must also follow the Code. We apply the Code, conduct investigations and take remedial action in a manner that is respectful, consistent and fair. The Importance of Seeking Guidance and Speaking Out At Kellogg, we strive to maintain a culture where our ideas and concerns are acknowledged and considered. This gives us the freedom to be at our best, extend trust, demonstrate ethical leadership and pursue our Vision and Purpose. If you have a concern about a business situation and are not able to find the answer you are looking for in this Code or our policies and procedures, there are a number of resources available to you.
ax
You may contact the Office of Ethics and Compliance in any of these ways: Email ethics.ofﬁce@kellogg.com U.S. access code Mail Office of Ethics and Compliance Kellogg Company One Kellogg Square P.O. Box 3599 Battle Creek, MI 49016-3599
Seeking Guidance                                                                                   Web
You should always feel free to go to your manager with a question or concern, as he or she is likely to have insight and experience in the matter and can seek expert assistance if necessary. If you prefer, you can consult with colleagues in the departments that provide oversight for the policy or law in question, the Human Resources Department or the Legal and Compliance Department. At any point, you may also seek advice and assistance from the Office of Ethics and Compliance.


Office of Ethics and Compliance The Office of Ethics and Compliance is a resource to:

• • •
y de,




t: Expressing Concerns the Ethics Alertline g does not feel or look right, each of us is, and should feel, empowered ion. If you have a concern about a possible violation of the spirit or his Code, company policy or the law, you are required to notify:
LIVING OUR VALUES • Kellogg Company’s Global Code of Ethics    9

anager (provided your manager is not involved in the violation); Resources; gal and Compliance Department;
Key Points                                         •    Internal Audit; or
ait to address a concern, the worse
fice of Ethics and Compliance. something, say something – as soon as possible. It is always best to

s it enables us to follow up and provide
en appropriate. But, if you wish, you may report any actual or iolations anonymously and confidentially by contacting the Ethics Our Ethics Alertline is maintained by a third-party confidential reporting is company will forward your concerns to our Office of Ethics and for investigation and follow-up. Reports submitted will be handled
Our Investigation                                      promptly and discreetly. We will maintain confidentiality to the greatest extent
Process •
nd the Alertline number for your location on page 55.
onsidering our need to investigate and to comply with other company

• • •
Is Strictly Prohibited honest and open communication and encourage our employees to ns and report concerns. We will not tolerate retaliation against any who, in good faith, discloses any actual or suspected violations or in a Kellogg investigation. Retaliation will result in disciplinary o and including termination of employment. ons te reports of actual or suspected Code violations promptly, fairly and ce with our legal obligations. All employees are required to cooperate y Kellogg investigation and are asked to keep their knowledge of and on in such investigation confidential to help safeguard the integrity of
gation, protect witnesses and secure relevant evidence. We will ly protect the confidentiality of the reporting source.

ting investigations, we seek fair, well-reasoned outcomes that balance ts in identifying and addressing misconduct while preserving the dignity volved, consistent with our K Values and this Code.




Government Investigations Though an unlikely event, we must know how to respond appropriately to a government or regulatory agency request for information or investigation. In such circumstances, we must cooperate lawfully, and any information we provide must be truthful and accurate. To ensure that we act in the appropriate way and also protect Kellogg Company’s legitimate interests, it is important to seek advice from the Legal and Compliance Department before responding to a non-routine request for information from a government or regulatory agency.
of Ethics


Disciplinary Action All employees are required to comply with this Global Code of Ethics. Failure to comply with this Code, company policies and applicable laws can result in disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment, as well as potential civil and criminal liability.


Waivers We recognize that in rare circumstances a strict application of the Code may result in a significant hardship. In these exceptional cases, a waiver of the Code in order to mitigate hardship may be sought.

Any waiver or amendment of this Code for the Chief Executive Officer, General Counsel, Chief Financial Officer, Controller, other senior financial or executive officers or directors must be approved by the Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board of Directors for Kellogg Company. For all other employees, any waiver of this Code must be approved by the Office of Ethics and Compliance in accordance with procedures adopted by such Nominating and Governance Committee.




WE LIVE OUR VALUES. We act with integrity. We treat each other with fairness and respect.
LIVING OUR VALUES • Kellogg Company’s Global Code of Ethics   11




12 LIVING OUR VALUES for OUR
The K Values in Action INTEGRITY Show respect for and value all individuals for their diverse back-



PEOPLE
grounds, experiences, styles, approaches and ideas.



We can drive positive change by seeking opportunities to grow personally and professionally, with the support of our managers and colleagues. We are entitled to be treated with fairness and respect. We invite conversation to create the best possible outcome for everyone involved. Together, we can unlock an even brighter future for our company, ourselves and those we serve.
well-being

This section covers some important standards we must follow in order to support each other and sustain an environment in which we can all thrive. SAFE & HEALTHY WORKPLACE We are committed to maintaining a safe and healthy workplace for our colleagues, business partners and visitors as well as people in the communities in which we operate.
ve,
PASSION energizing, optimistic and fun environment.

DIVERSITY & INCLUSION We believe in the power of people and have respect for individuals of all backgrounds, capabilities and opinions. HARASSMENT & DISCRIMINATION We are committed to maintaining a work environment that is free of harassment and discrimination.
HUMILITY anyone, anywhere.

PERSONAL INFORMATION We protect the privacy and confidentiality of our colleagues’ personal, medical, family and financial information. SOCIAL MEDIA We have a shared identity as Kellogg employees, but we are also individuals with our own thoughts, opinions and interests.
issues directly and openly.

CONFLICTS OF INTEREST We make decisions and act in the best interests of the company rather than for personal gain.
people to be
their best by providing coaching and feedback.




If in doubt, ASK! Q. I have a safety concern. But if I bring it up now, it will slow down production and we may miss our deadline. I don’t want my supervisor to be upset with me. What should I do? A. Deadlines are important, but health and safety always come first. So, we make tough calls when necessary. The company always wants you to bring up health and safety concerns immediately, even if that may mean slowing production, missing a deadline or losing a business opportunity. Q. I work in a plant as a production employee, and I’m currently taking medication that may cause certain side effects, such as drowsiness. Do I need to tell my supervisor that I’m taking this medication and the possible side effects? A. Yes. Employees who for medical reasons are using prescription or non-prescription drugs that may impair alertness or judgment – and therefore could jeopardize their safety and that of their colleagues – should inform their supervisor upon reporting to work. Each of us must embrace the belief that all injuries are preventable and that achieving a healthy and safe environment starts with me.
to maintaining a safe and healthy workplace for or others in and around our do and it also promotes a positive, people can thrive. make health and safety a daily e for observing the health and safety job and for taking precautions ur colleagues and our visitors. Each hich we operate. ats and physical intimidation have no place at culture by: not taking or directing ob. cable occupational health and d company policies.
AFE ORKPLACE We Do What’s Right It Matters
LIVING OUR VALUES • Kellogg Company’s Global Code of Ethics   13 our colleagues, business partners and visitors as well as people in the At Kellogg, keeping people safe and healthy is a core value – whether of us is also accountable for observing environmental laws and ensuring our actions and operating practices do not adversely impact We must perform at our best every day. Our health and safety demands that each of us report to work free from any substance, including alcohol or drugs, that could prevent us from doing our jobs properly or that could create a dangerous situation. Kellogg and can result in immediate disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment. •    Watching out for each other and helping others avoid unsafe conditions or behaviors. •    Promptly reporting any unhealthy or unsafe conditions or behaviors, especially workplace hazards, broken or missing equipment, injuries or threatening or violent behavior. •    Knowing what to do in an emergency and cooperating during the practice of emergency drills. •    Never bringing illegal drugs or other controlled substances onto company property or being under their influence while at work. •    Talking to a manager if you see a colleague who may be under the influence of alcohol or drugs while at work.


Ethics hol is fety or mises tted or hese

iance for guidance.




VALUING DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION HOW WHY WHAT It Means
iduals                            If in doubt, ASK! an Q. I’m considering an applicant for a nnovation, A. No. To deny an applicant or employee a job based on the reaction ployment e value and ideas ith whom an                               nothing less. monstrated , etc.) to act equal laws.
h she’d be working directly
with customers, but I’m afraid that our customers will be uncomfortable with her physical disability. Is this a legitimate reason not to hire her? of others to disability, race or other protected classification is unlawful discrimination. If the applicant is the best qualified person for the job, we should hire her. At Kellogg, we show respect for and value all individuals for their diverse backgrounds, experiences, styles, approaches and ideas. Our stakeholders expect

rmation or guidance.




If in doubt, ASK! Q. I can tell my colleague is upset by other women on our team who tell jokes of a sexual nature. I’m not bothered by them. Should I just wait for her to say something? A. Sexual harassment can be directed toward a person of the same or opposite sex. If it’s clear to you that these jokes are offensive to your coworker, step up and encourage her to speak with these women to let them know their humor isn’t welcome. If she’s reluctant, inform a manager about the situation. At Kellogg, we personally commit to the success and well-being of teammates.
to maintaining a work environment in which our hnicity, national origin, religion, age, , veteran status, marital status, gender, gender expression. A work and discrimination enables us to rimination are prohibited by th another’s work environment or timidating, disruptive, abusive also prohibited.
ARASSMENT NATION We Do What’s Right It Matters
LIVING OUR VALUES • Kellogg Company’s Global Code of Ethics   15 people are treated with dignity and respect and that is free of We believe that every employee should be treated with respect,

Examples of Harassment: • • • •
rance for unwanted verbal otherwise) or degrading and , color, age, gender, sexual s protected by the laws that f harassment to our manager, Human Legal and Compliance Department, Office or any member of management.
ns e conscientious about how our actions and comments be perceived or misunderstood by others.
•    We conduct ourselves appropriately in all dealings with others. •    We do not tolerate any form of abuse or harassment of colleagues, business partners or anyone else with whom we have business dealings.

We take harassment claims seriously and will investigate them. For more information, contact our Human Resources Department for guidance.




PROTECTING PERSONAL INFORMATION HOW WHY WHAT It Means
f Ethics ’ isclosing than those                     can include: egally and                           a range of other information that store, use and                 individuals may not wish to ly handle                      share publicly y Policy o protect ng to ry                             If in doubt, ASK! use that ses. owing ways: olicies.                       to integrity and ethics by not disclosing te                             personal information such as a home d to us. ne, siness
Personal information An individual’s home address, date of birth, age, race, religion, political affiliation, sexual orientation, identification or financial account numbers, medical information and Q. A business partner wants to send a “get well” card and flowers to his Kellogg Account Manager. Can I share the employee’s home address with the business partner? A. No. We demonstrate a commitment address without the explicit consent of the employee, a court order or other similar legal request.

y Policy or contact




If in doubt, ASK! Q. I post on blogs related to my professional expertise at Kellogg. Should I be up front about my connection to Kellogg? A. Yes. In the online world, being transparent about company connections is good etiquette and consistent with this Code. Depending on where you are, it may also be required by law. At Kellogg, we value, promote and fiercely protect our reputation. Tell people you work for Kellogg, and add this line to your blog, chat or other online entries: “The opinions expressed are my own and do not represent the views of Kellogg.”
identity as Kellogg employees, but we are also ations can reach millions of fect millions of people, for better or for worse. our reputation. This power brings ate with others, we recognize nd believe it can be a great on and knowledge to our
IVING OUR VALUES • Kellogg Company’s Global Code of Ethics      17 We Do What’s Right It Matters
individuals with our own thoughts, opinions and interests. What we say, email, blog, post or tweet can reach millions of people in Outside of work, many of us blog, post on social networks and contribute to wikis. Even in these personal pursuits, we all have a responsibility not to disclose company confidential and proprietary information without authorization.



Some examples of
Social Media                                                       We should engage with social media responsibly, in accordance with
• •
in all authorized business al Media Policy.
the following rules: communications.

• • • •
rized business communications ary or privileged information.
personal communications.
•    When endorsing our company and its products, we identify ourselves as a Kellogg employee. •    Ensure that our time and effort spent with social media do not interfere with our work commitments. •    Never disclose our (or our customers’ or suppliers’) secret, •    Do not make maliciously false statements or statements that violate the law, the community terms of use for the page or company policy.

Use your best judgment and exercise personal responsibility. Your actions can result in unintended consequences.

For more information, review our Global Social Media Policy or contact our Office of Ethics and Compliance for guidance.



AVOIDING CONFLICTS OF INTEREST HOW WHY WHAT It Means
f Ethics the best ke people                           interests in other companies or s. So it’s                          personal relationships interfere – or , the                               appear to interfere – with our ability to do our jobs or to make unbiased nflicts                             are acting improperly and should . As a first                        be avoided. ine whether y disclosed                         Conflict of Interest e might be a Quick Test f Ethics                            If I take this course of action: to or contact our Office                 small – of my independent
dishonoring the K Values? ent being compromised?
What Is a Conflict of Interest? Conflicts of interest can arise when activities outside of work, ownership decisions on behalf of the company. Even the appearance of a conflict of interest can make others think we 1. Will I feel obligated to someone else? 3. Is there a chance – however 4. Could it give the appearance of impropriety or divided loyalty?

If you answered “yes” to any of these questions, there is a high probability that your decision will result in a real or perceived conflict of interest. If you are unsure about how to proceed, seek guidance from your manager or the Office of Ethics and Compliance.




FRIENDS ing ourselves in a position where our judgment and decision be improperly influenced by close personal or family .
LIVING OUR VALUES • Kellogg Company’s Global Code of Ethics        19


void an actual or perceived conflict of interest, it is not appropriate to:

e someone with whom you have a close personal, romantic or relationship; lleagues who have a romantic or family connection in a reporting ship; ved in selecting or hiring someone with whom you have a close , romantic or familial relationship; or ate in the selection or relationship management of a business if the firm employs someone with whom you have a close personal, or familial relationship.




LOSE RELATIVES’ t our investments and those of our close relatives do not create interest.


Who is a “close relative”? This includes a spouse, domestic partner, child, mother, father, spouse or domestic partner of mother or father, aunt, uncle, nephew, brother, sister, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in- law, daughter-in-law, sister-in-law, brother-in-law, grandparent, grand- child or step, adoptive and foster relationships or an individual that resides in your home.
quired to disclose to their manager whenever they are aware employs or that is owned (even in part) by a close thics and Compliance.
s may not own, either directly or indirectly, a substantial interest in ness entity that does business with or seeks to do business with without prior written approval of the General Counsel. s may not own, either directly or indirectly, securities in any business petes with Kellogg (except through a mutual fund) without prior approval of the General Counsel. and seeks to do business with or competes with Kellogg. interest” means owning more than 1 percent of the shares of such ty (if a publicly traded company); earning more than 10 percent orth from the shares of such business entity (if a publicly traded ing more than 5 percent of the assets of such business entity; more than 50 percent of annual compensation from such ty.




OUTSIDE EMPLOYMENT AND OTHER ACTIVITIES We each give our best effort every day at Kellogg, not allowing outside jobs or other activities to hinder our contributions to Kellogg.
Ethics


At Kellogg, we encourage our people to lead full and productive lives outside of work. Outside activities such as your own business, a second job, board service and community work are all acceptable as long as these activities do not: • • • • •
ticular r. My stock. Is that
brand and plan to spend a significant part of the budget with one Internet a problem?

CORPORATE OPPORTUNITIES We share knowledge of opportunities we uncover and discoveries we make in the course of our work so that we can better pursue our goals as a company and serve those who count on us. Working for Kellogg will sometimes enable you to identify a business or investment opportunity that Kellogg may have an interest in pursuing. You must not: • • •
se of Kellogg personal gain;
they offered me a
A. Yes. Your decision to spend a large part of the advertising budget with that company could appear to be motivated by your personal investment. Demonstrate your manager or the Office of Ethics and Compliance before signing the agreement. Q. I’ve been volunteering with a local as long as it doesn’t cut into my

A. Probably. We encourage charitable and civic work, but even if your work at the food bank doesn’t interfere with your job responsibilities, because the non-profit receives financial support from Kellogg, you should ask your manager before you accept the position. Depending on the circumstances, accepting the job may require written approval.




ERTAINMENT e or receive inappropriate gifts, favors and entertainment.
LIVING OUR VALUES • Kellogg Company’s Global Code of Ethics    21


If in doubt, ASK! Q. A new vendor is grateful for the work I did to expedite execution of their Kellogg contract and sent me a bottle of champagne valued at US$40. Since, it’s not very expensive and was unexpected, is it okay to accept it?
n making or that of an outside party nor be offered could appear to be bribes, raise r Kellogg, or damage our reputation enerally acceptable as long
accepting business gifts, favors and entertainment is a customary tesy that can promote goodwill and enhance business relationships. s, favors and entertainment should never affect, or appear to affect, n exchange for preferential treatment in any business dealing.

A. No, you should politely return the gift to the vendor. Procurement employees or employees who can influence or determine vendor selection have to be especially careful to avoid the appearance of impropriety. Accepting gifts beyond a nominal value, like inexpensive notepads, calendars and pens, could create the impression that such gifts influenced your decision. Oftentimes with conflicts of interest, perception is reality. Make the tough call, and avoid the situation altogether.
tner for which you have duties; ish; with our company policy; ligation on the recipient; ors and other
ntly given or received; ly to inappropriately influence their business decision; or efer to the provision on PREVENTING BRIBERY AND CORRUPTION on page 36. apply when offering or giving gifts, favors and entertainment to government employees of state-owned entities. You should obtain advice from the Legal and partment or from the Office of Ethics and Compliance before offering or giving ors or entertainment to such individuals.




LIVING OUR VALUES • Kellogg Company’s Global Code of Ethics WE LIVE OUR VALUES. We delight our consumers with safe, high-quality, great- tasting foods.
Ethics




24 LIVING OUR VALUES for OUR
The K Values in Action ACCOUNTABILITY Keep promises and




CONSUMERS
commitments made to others.




We are passionate about our business, our brands and our food. Our company’s vision – to enrich and delight the world with foods and brands that matter – and our purpose – to nourish families so they can flourish and thrive – drive our desire to provide high-quality, great-tasting foods for our consumers.
Delight our consumers and serve our customers services.

This section covers some important standards to which we hold ourselves in order to honor our founder’s dedication to nutrition and people’s well-being. DELIVERING ON QUALITY, SAFETY AND VALUE We delight our consumers with high-quality, great-tasting foods. We are committed to providing safe foods our consumers can trust.
res
Seek to continually simplify and improve

PROMOTING HONEST MARKETING PRACTICES We show pride in our brands and understand the importance of accuracy and prudent transparency in advertising and packaging.

PROTECTING CONSUMER DATA We respect the privacy of all individuals and take the necessary and legally required precautions to protect personal data.




If in doubt, ASK! Q. I noticed a strong, unusual odor near the packing line during sales sample production for a high-priority innovation project. My coworker didn’t notice the odor and encouraged me to continue with the run. I don’t want to be the cause of missing a tight deadline for this important project. What should I do? A. Making safe food that meets our quality standards is our top priority. An unusual odor identified during production or packaging could nega- tively impact the taste or odor of the finished product or in some instances could actually harm a consumer. So, we need to make tough calls and report these types of incidents to Quality and Food Safety immediately for investigation.
nsumers with great-tasting, high-quality foods. every package of food we produce mers expect more from very day and around the st the quality and safety ed in an environment that safety as our top priorities.
QUALITY, LUE We Do What’s Right
LIVING OUR VALUES • Kellogg Company’s Global Code of Ethics   25 We are committed to providing safe foods our consumers can trust. of our foods. In order to meet or exceed our consumers’ expectations, we: •    Take personal accountability for the success of our business by reporting (or addressing, if you have quality and food safety responsibilities) any quality and food safety issue or concern immediately. •    Never bypass quality controls or take shortcuts that compromise the quality or safety of our foods. •    Immediately report any threats to food or consumer safety to management so that appropriate and prompt action can be taken.

For more information, contact our Office of Ethics and Compliance for guidance.




PROMOTING HONEST MARKETING PRACTICES HOW
Ethics



WHY
trust our hat trust

our nd avoid .



WHAT It Means
sleading.                     My approach is exciting; I’m going in ing                           a new direction, and I’ve seen a draft .                             food science report that supports my product claims. As it’s not a major tment for guidance.
If in doubt, ASK! Q. I’m on a deadline to get advertising copy into a small online publication. media outlet, can I go ahead without having the final report confirming the claims?

A. No. We demonstrate a commitment to integrity by ensuring that all advertising claims are substantiated in advance of their publication or broadcast, whether it’s in print, online or through any another media. Fair and accurate advertising is important to comply with the law, and it’s something our consumers count on.




If in doubt, ASK! Q. We have a great new product we know is going to be a big hit and want to tell people about it. We have engaged a marketing vendor who has a list of email addresses of prospective consumers. Can we use the list for our marketing campaign to get the word out? A. Maybe. It depends on the applicable legal requirements. Most countries have rules about whether and how email addresses can be collected, whether and what type of consent is needed from consumers to receive email, and when and how you can use emails for marketing purposes.
viduals and take the necessary and t personal data. ng the privacy and security responsibly and following all
IVING OUR VALUES • Kellogg Company’s Global Code of Ethics   27 e are committed to keeping personal information private. Our onsumers extend us trust when sharing their personal information. e ensure consumer data is protected by: Collecting, using and processing personal data only for Never releasing the personal information of others to anyone Never releasing the personal information of others to third
applicable privacy laws and company privacy policies. legitimate business purposes. within Kellogg who does not have a clear business need to know and authorization to receive the information. parties without a current contract with respect to such information or a legal requirement to do so.

or more information, contact our Legal and Compliance Department for guidance.




LIVING OUR VALUES • Kellogg Company’s Global Code of Ethics WE LIVE OUR VALUES. We compete vigorously and with integrity. We partner with those who demonstrate our values.
Ethics




30 LIVING OUR VALUES in OUR
The K Values in Action ACCOUNTABILITY Focus on finding solutions



MARKETPLACE
and achieving results.




We compete in a global marketplace with integrity and purpose. Our consumer-driven insights fuel our innovations and our quest to expand our global reach. By looking beyond the horizon, we can meet evolving needs in more ways and more places, embracing our truly global future while honoring our founder’s century-old legacy for quality and foods that delight.
and serve our customers

We can do this only by continuing to foster strong relationships with the business partners who support us. We seek business relationships based on trust, fairness and mutual advantage, especially as we expand into new global markets. We hold our business partners and their employees, representatives and subcontractors to the same high standards of business integrity to which we hold ourselves.
Never underestimate

This section of the Code provides guidance in the following areas: DOING BUSINESS GLOBALLY As a global company doing business around the world, Kellogg is committed to comply- ing with applicable laws that govern international trade. FAIR COMPETITION We seek to outperform our competitors fairly and honestly, achieving competitive advantage through superior performance and never through unethical or illegal business practices. COMPETITIVE INTELLIGENCE To understand our global marketplace and to advance our business objectives, we believe it is important for us to understand our customers, our suppliers and the value proposition of our competitors. Kellogg • Living Our Values • Global Code of Ethics If in doubt, ASK! Q. I’m investigating new international markets. How can I find out where I am and am not permitted to do business?
SUCCESS Make the tough calls. siness only any form of ntended to business Code of Ethics   31 any doing business around the world, Kellogg
SS We Do What’s Right
is committed to complying with applicable laws that govern

A. Contact the Legal and Compliance Department for information on countries and persons affected by U.S. or other relevant country embargoes. We value, promote and fiercely protect our reputation throughout the world. Red Flags and Things to Watch For
more than 180 countries around the ernational trade laws. These foods and conduct business with e laws are complicated and tions can be severe, including
fines, revocation of permits or even imprisonment. We have to take particular care in relation to import and export controls, trade sanctions and boycotts.
Regarding Boycotts                                     WHAT It Means
Contract language or business documents (like financial documents, shipping documents, checklists, etc.) that: • • • • •
or the transfer of technology ust: international trade restrictions. ce Department if you receive ppliers or others to participate mpliance Department
Be familiar with and comply with all applicable laws and e a concern about a trade-related issue.
If you are involved in the sale, marketing, distribution or in a boycott against individuals, companies or countries.




PROMOTING FAIR COMPETITION HOW WHY
f Ethics chieving                  If in doubt, ASK! Q. I was recently at a trade association incipled.                 A. Yes. Removing yourself from the ractices                  meeting reduces the risk that someone price                     might think you were trying to fix territories,              prices or engage in other inappropriate activity. Contact the Legal and at govern                 to report the incident and to receive free                     instructions – and don’t share the ents                      information with anyone else unless on.                       told otherwise. While we never en
meeting and overheard one of our competitors talking about their pricing strategy. I immediately left the room. Was that the right thing to do? Compliance Department immediately underestimate our competition, we always demonstrate a commitment to integrity and ethics in the marketplace.



WHAT It Means

e if a activities, false




OUR VALUES • Kellogg Company’s Global Code of Ethics   33 o customers and suppliers, we:

If in doubt, ASK! Q. I can tell my colleague is upset by other women on our team who tell jokes of a sexual nature. I’m not bothered by them. Should I just wait for her to say something?
ed in sales promotions and contests are won
ffer or accept bribes or kickbacks. ree to establish the resale price of a product or to condition the sale gg products on the purchase of other Kellogg products without from our Legal and Compliance Department. overbilling and possible rebate abuses by refusing to bill sales to rties at prices exceeding the established price for the product. tely as the result of achieving criteria specified in advance and made rmation, contact our Legal and Compliance Department for guidance.

A. Sexual harassment can be directed toward a person of the same or opposite sex. If it’s clear to you that these jokes are offensive to your coworker, step up and encourage her to speak with these women to let them know their humor isn’t welcome. If she’s reluctant, inform a manager about the situation. At Kellogg, we personally commit to the success and wellbeing of teammates. Q. A business partner wants to send a “get well” card and flowers to his Kellogg Account Manager. Can I share the employee’s address with the business partner? A. No. We demonstrate a commitment to integrity and ethics by not disclosing personal information such as a home address without the explicit consent of the employee, a court order or other similar legal request. Contact the Office of Ethics and Compliance for further guidance (see page # for contact information).
rketplace and to advance our business to pursuing innovative ideas that will move ncreasingly important. While we on about our competitors n and make use of this hically. We treat competitors’ want them to treat ours.
s
objectives, we believe it is important for us to understand our customers, our suppliers and the value proposition of our competitors. us forward. In today’s highly competitive global marketplace, When gathering competitive intelligence, we act with integrity by:

•    Using information from public sources such as advertisements, published articles, public records and brochures offered by competitors at trade shows. •    Never misrepresenting ourselves or using illicit means to secure information. •    Never seeking proprietary information about other companies from job applicants or Kellogg employees who previously worked elsewhere. •    Never accepting, sharing or using any information that may have been gathered improperly.




Ethics ss partners. itor

icy or contact our Legal ance for guidance.




PROMOTING FAIR PURCHASING PRACTICES HOW
the best



WHY WHAT It Means
lity of the de the                             Q. In order to be “fair,” is Kellogg t a fair price.                    obligated to award its business to nt                                 always seek the best possible pricing se                                 when choosing among suppliers. ness and r the length best                              integrity. In some circumstances, f our                              we may determine that we need to pay more to ensure that level of y, price,                          supplier commitment. e and delivery which could dent n nominal est section on de
If in doubt, ASK! the lowest bidder who responds to an RFP (Request for Proposal)? A. Not necessarily. To be sure, we However, there are other important considerations in an RFP selection process. For example, we want to do business with suppliers who share our commitment to quality and




Example of a Bribe If a customer gives cash or other consideration to a company employee to get the employee to fulfill the customer’s order ahead of other customers, that’s a bribe. Example of a Kickback If a supplier pays an employee a percentage of the supplier’s sales to the company in return for the employee’s assistance in steering business to the supplier, that’s a kickback.
e our business relationships on trust, transparency only our company and its reputation, but also the We do not tolerate corrupt n the world. s with the law but protects our reputation and
We Do What’s Right
LIVING OUR VALUES • Kellogg Company’s Global Code of Ethics     35 PREVENTING BRIBERY AND CORRUPTION and accountability. We never offer or accept any form of payment or incentive intended to improperly influence a business decision. Kellogg prohibits all forms of corruption (bribery, kickbacks, fraud, etc.) communities where we do business. Governments are taking steps to combat corruption, and many of the countries in which we do business enhances our stakeholders’ confidence in our management practices.

If in doubt, ASK! Q. During a company social event, a local government representative whose office approved our operating permits came over to me, expressed her delight at having Kellogg operating in her region and then handed me an envelope containing the curriculum vitae of her nephew. She then said, “Many of our young people are having a hard time finding jobs in our economy, and I thought you might be able to help. Of course, you are under no obligation.” I reviewed it, and her nephew is qualified for a number of open positions. What should I do? A. Contact our Legal and Compliance Department immediately. Situations like this need to be handled with care to avoid harmful legal repercussions.
avorable treatment. Kickbacks involve giving or or business transaction. Bribes al, violate this Code and es face the imminent threat of n by: ng or giving anything of value to a ribes or kickbacks. ts completely and accurately. ird party to make improper
Corruption is the abuse of entrusted power for personal gain. A bribe occurs when someone gives or promises another person something of receiving personal payments as a reward for the awarding of a physical violence or duress, we recognize there may be no safe alternative to making a payment. If it is possible for you to contact our Legal and Compliance Department first, you should do so. If not, you should do so as soon as practical afterward. government official or anyone else in order to gain a business payments that we cannot make ourselves. •    Avoiding facilitating or “grease” payments; they are generally prohibited even if they are legal under local laws. •    Following Kellogg policies related to giving and receiving gifts and entertainment. •    Only covering proportionate, reasonable, bona fide hospitality and business expenditures.

Please also see the section on GIFTS AND ENTERTAINMENT on page 22. For more detailed guidance, contact our Office of Ethics and Compliance.

What is a facilitating payment? Facilitating payments are typically small payments made to government officials to expedite or secure a non-discretionary, routine government action. By contrast, paying government taxes, fees and other legally required charges would not be considered a facilitating payment.
Ethics




Red Flags and Things to Watch for When Working with Third Parties •

•

•

•

•

•

•

•

•

•

•

•

•



If in doubt, ASK! Q. May I use information I learned from my former employer in my new role with Kellogg?
t ectual property as we
LUES • Kellogg Company’s Global Code of Ethics   37 THE PROPERTY

A. Maybe not. If that information is not generally known outside of your former employer and would give Kellogg a competitive advantage, that information is very likely a trade secret, and you may face civil and criminal prosecution if you disclose it. Check with the Legal and Compliance Department for guidance on what types of information can and cannot be used in your new role.
d copying of others’ protected works cial and legal liability for l property belonging to cessary authorizations.
We safeguard the intellectual property of others by: •    Respecting others’ trademarks, logos, names, designs and copyrights in our advertising, marketing and related materials. •    Respecting others’ patent rights, trade secrets and proprietary information as we innovate internally and work with our partners. •    Following all applicable intellectual property laws.

For more information, contact our Legal and Compliance Department for guidance.




SOURCING RESPONSIBLY AND PROTECTING HUMAN RIGHTS HOW
Ethics do business rly and


WHY
citizen in an ieve in me of those ners to act ender – even re our ible

upply ficking.

ations ns of


WHAT It Means
ant and set ies.

e Code n that a nethically, business




WE LIVE OUR VALUES. We are a preferred investment because we deliver the present while creating the future.
OUR VALUES • Kellogg Company’s Global Code of Ethics   39




40 LIVING OUR VALUES for OUR
The K Values in Action INTEGRITY Demonstrate a




INVESTORS
commitment to integrity and ethics.




W. K. Kellogg saw a better way – shaping our industry through a passion for people, and the goodness of food. And every day, we take the steps that show the way, with a vision for tomorrow and a plan to get there – together. Along the way, our investors put their trust in us to strive to
ACCOUNTABILITY Focus on finding

deliver sustainable performance and create long-term value. We maintain that trust by always being honest, open, direct and reliable.

This section of the Code covers the following topics: ACCURATE RECORDS & ACCOUNTS We maintain complete and accurate records so that we make responsible business decisions and provide truthful, timely information to the investing public and various governments.
PASSION Value, promote and fiercely protect our reputation.

OUR REPUTATION & OTHER ASSETS We protect Kellogg Company’s reputation and other tangible and intangible assets so that we can better serve our consumers and preserve value for our investors and other stakeholders. PROPRIETARY & CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION We must safeguard Kellogg Company’s proprietary and confidential business information against unauthorized disclosure and misuse.
Have a “can-do” get the job done.

EQUIPMENT, INFORMATION & COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS We use company equipment and information communication systems responsibly.

INSIDER DEALING & MARKET ABUSE We never use or disclose material, non-public information about Kellogg or another company for the purpose of buying or selling securities; nor do we ever attempt to manipulate the price of publicly traded securities.

INVESTOR & MEDIA INQUIRIES At Kellogg, we speak with one voice when communicating to the media, financial analysts, investors and the general public.




MAINTAINING RDS We Do What’s Right
LIVING OUR VALUES • Kellogg Company’s Global Code of Ethics   41 We maintain complete and accurate records so that we can make responsible business decisions and provide truthful and timely information to the investing public and various governments.



It Matters
Business and financial records are essential to our business operations. We rely on the integrity and accuracy of those records, both for internal decision making and for the benefit of investors, government agencies, regulators and others to whom we report. Accurate and transparent record keeping protects our reputation, promotes organizational efficiency and helps us to meet our legal and regulatory obligations.



s
All of us, not only those working in finance and accounting roles, have a responsibility to ensure the integrity, accuracy and effectiveness of our record keeping and must do so in the following ways:

Trade Loading or Channel Stuffing is Prohibited by Company
r maintain for any purpose any cash funds, other ities that are secret or unrecorded.
principles and our internal controls system.
•    Record all assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and business transactions completely, accurately, in the proper period and in a timely manner. •    Ensure that records and accounts conform to generally accepted
Board Resolution                                                  •    Do not participate in “trade loading” or “channel stuffing.”
These practices, which are typically efforts to induce (through unusually large discounts, return rights, etc.) or otherwise encourage customers to purchase more product than is reasonably necessary for the customer’s resale needs over a reasonable period of time, are prohibited.
documents or records that are subject be used in an official proceeding. mpany records in compliance with our nd record retention protocol.
•    Use thoughtful, appropriate and accurate wording when creating records, avoiding exaggeration, colorful language, guesswork, conclusions outside of your functional expertise and derogatory characterizations about people and their motives. For more information, contact our Office of Ethics and Compliance for guidance.




SAFEGUARDING OUR REPUTATION AND OTHER ASSETS HOW
Ethics We must take care and use good e                       judgment in relation to the following types of assets:
Our Company Assets

WHY WHAT It Means
l to g term. assets,                Financial assets are the company’s money, financial instruments and tangible nature provided by the r                       conducting Kellogg’s business (e.g., ion,                    tools, machinery, company vehicles, assets;                office equipment and supplies). ,                       registered and unregistered copyrights, al or                   trademarks, patents, and service marks icly                    or practiced. property or Kellogg r ; and ent
mobile phones, materials,
Information assets are any data relating to Kellogg’s business, irrespective of how it is created, distributed, used or stored. anything that can be converted to money. Physical assets are anything of a company to employees for use in Intangible assets are things such as our reputation, ideas, inventions, improvements, intellectual property, or trade secrets conceived, developed




UR VALUES • Kellogg Company’s Global Code of Ethics   43 R PROPRIETARY IAL INFORMATION uard Kellogg’s proprietary and confidential business information horized disclosure and misuse.

If in doubt, ASK! Q. Recently, I was having dinner at a restaurant with my old college roommate, whom I haven’t seen for years. As we were catching up, he asked me which company I work for, and I proudly told him I work for Kellogg. He immediately told me about all the great Kellogg products he grew up consuming. In my excitement over his excitement, I mentioned a few of the great new products we will be launching in a few months. I told him not to tell anyone, and he promised he wouldn’t. Was this okay? A. Probably not. Unless the new products you mentioned had been previously announced by official company representatives, you inadvertently divulged confidential company information. While it is great to see your passion for our brands and products, we must always be careful about keeping confidential information to ourselves. In addition, you discussed confidential company information in a public place where you may have been overheard. Contact our Office of Ethics and Compliance so we can discuss next steps and develop a path forward.
mation. Our company’s proprietary information, racting new customers and vantage. al information to those who need our own personal gain or to benefit he company’s confidential Compliance Department for guidance. mulas, etc. r intellectual property ormation
nformation that Kellogg owns is a valuable asset, especially when it r intellectual property (as described below), is vitally important in elp protect our confidential information by: ing about confidential information in public areas, such as planes, s and restaurants, whether in person or on mobile phones; ing in a public place when there’s a risk of such ion being viewed by others; ion continues after leaving Kellogg. -public financial information or projections ailed procurement information ary data loyee lists ormation concerning potential acquisitions, divestitures investments al opinions and work product




USING EQUIPMENT, INFORMATION & COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS RESPONSIBLY We use company equipment and information communication systems responsibly. We all must be prudent and responsible in our use of the company’s information and communications equipment and systems. By using the security controls and measures established by Kellogg, we protect company information and data from accidental or unauthorized disclosure, misuse, improper alteration or destruction. Storage of company information on company-issued removable media, such as flash drives, must be encrypted by our IT Department. Storage of company information on personal removable media is not permitted. Personal use of company telephones, computers, faxes, photocopiers and network bandwidth is acceptable if it is incidental, infrequent and permitted under local Kellogg policy. This privilege must not be abused. The same principle applies to use of our personal wireless devices during working hours because this potentially reduces bandwidth as well as productivity. Personal use of company equipment is not acceptable if it:
Ethics ge ch ers my nd it works. Can I to contact
suggestions, but do not
If in doubt, ASK! load it on my company computer? load unauthorized software on your

• • • • •

We recognize that we have no reasonable expectation of privacy when using company-provided services and equipment (except for that which is provided by local data privacy regulations). We understand that, in accordance with local laws and Kellogg policy, the company reserves the right to inspect its facilities and property, including but not limited to computers, telephone records, lockers, email, Internet usage, business documents, offices and other workspaces.

We strictly prohibit the use of Kellogg systems (including email, instant messaging, the Internet or Intranet) for activities that are unlawful, unethical or otherwise contrary to this Code or company policy. Usage will always be inappropriate if it involves:

• • • • • • •
content; y’s security.

To learn more about information assets and proper technology use, see the Kellogg IT Acceptable Usage Policy and contact our IT Department.




What Is “Inside” Information? Material, non-public or “inside” information is information about any company that has not been made publicly available and that a reasonable investor would consider important when deciding to trade in the securities of that company. Some examples include: • • • • • •
ER t her company for the purpose do we ever attempt to manipulate curities. ation as a company that can be trusted to o business. Insider trading and buse not only distort financial markets, they are mation about Kellogg that may not be is known as “inside information.” ng and market abuse in the
or improperly disclose material, non-public e support fair, open securities markets and strive to preserve llegal. Enforcement is rigorous, and penalties are severe. ollowing ways:
LIVING OUR VALUES • Kellogg Company’s Global Code of Ethics   45

If in doubt, ASK! Q. How does the guidance on insider trading affect my purchase of Kellogg stock? A. Our employees, officers and directors are encouraged to invest in Kellogg by purchasing company stock. We may purchase Kellogg securities and exercise options granted to us as long as we are not aware of or do not base decisions on material inside information. Board members, executive officers and certain other individuals are subject to blackout periods during which they are prohibited from trading in Kellogg stock.
ormation to anyone outside Kellogg, es or friends. th fellow employees on a on inside information by s” or trade in puts, calls or other means directly or indirectly n-public information about any company de while aware of such information.
Never buy, sell or otherwise deal with shares in Kellogg or any y traded company when you are in possession of Never buy or sell shares until inside information about the Take care to protect inside information from accidental disclosure. Do not encourage others to trade on inside information. Never spread false information or do anything to manipulate the
inside information. company or its securities becomes generally available and investors have had a chance to evaluate it. price of publicly listed securities.

nsider trading rules are complex. When in doubt, review our Insider Trading olicy or contact our Legal and Compliance Department for guidance.


RESPONDING TO INQUIRIES FROM INVESTORS, ANALYSTS AND THE MEDIA HOW
Ethics the



WHY
ar, only



WHAT It Means
ot

ations vestor.

vestor




WE LIVE OUR VALUES. We use natural resources responsibly and support our communities.
VING OUR VALUES • Kellogg Company’s Global Code of Ethics   47




48 LIVING OUR VALUES in OUR
The K Values in Action PASSION Show pride in our



COMMUNITIES
brands and heritage.




We manufacture and sell our foods globally. We embrace our role as a global corporate citizen. We take our environmental responsibilities seriously and we’re honored to contribute to the communities in which we work and live. As highlighted in our Corporate Responsibility
HUMILITY Value openness and

Report, we look for opportunities to create even better days and brighter futures for our consumers, employees, communities and the environment everywhere we do business. How we live the K Values and hold ourselves to the standards in this Code will define the contribution we make to our communities and society. This section of the Code focuses on the following areas:
SIMPLICITY processes, procedures


PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT We are committed to building a more sustainable society by striving to minimize our environmental footprint and developing solutions that conserve resources and protect our planet. CONTRIBUTING TO OUR COMMUNITIES We are committed to supporting the communities where our employees live and work, while also exploring ways to address broader challenges in society.
valued and appreciated.

POLITICS & GOVERNMENT AFFAIRS We encourage our employees to participate in the political process as active citizens. As a company, we engage constructively with all governments in whose jurisdictions we operate.




t’s Right
mmitted to building a more sustainable society by striving ze our environmental footprint and developing solutions erve resources and protect our planet.
LIVING OUR VALUES • Kellogg Company’s Global Code of Ethics   49



s
as been committed to good stewardship of the environment founding more than 100 years ago. Today, it is widely at humankind is using the Earth’s natural resources faster can regenerate, and that everyone – including companies in ustry as well as consumers worldwide – needs to play a part ng a more environmentally sustainable society.

onducted a social and environmental sustainability t for our entire value chain to better understand risks and ities. We work with our growers and processors to optimize d limit environmental impact without compromising our tandards. Inside the company, we focus on reducing our d water usage as well as greenhouse emissions, using either nt recycled paper fiber for our product packaging or sustainably grown packaging, and increasing the number of waste-to-landfill facilities.



ll contribute to our company’s environmental stewardship n the following ways:

ly with all applicable environmental laws and any policies. the requirements of all environmental permits. rt to management any spills, leaks or unauthorized harges. igilant to ensure we do not use more energy or water necessary. re our supplier and business partners follow ed-upon environmental standards. mize waste and recycle or find appropriate alternate uses for e materials. personal actions such as turning off lights, using less paper, ting off electronics and recycling; these small actions can a big difference.

more about our environmental initiatives, review our Corporate Respon- Report at www.kelloggcompany.com.




50 CONTRIBUTING TO OUR COMMUNITIES HOW WHY
If in doubt, ASK! s r; he was t Kellogg, elieve in                A. Kellogg values and praises ly that es to ons.
rly volunteer at a local volvement by our
homeless shelter. Since Kellogg advocates for the hunger needs of children, can I represent to the shelter that my service is being provided on behalf of Kellogg? employees. We make people feel valued and appreciated and especially want to encourage your involvement in social issues that the company supports. However, you must seek permission before presenting yourself as a company representative.

WHAT It Means
in

n job zations




If in doubt, ASK! Q. I am a volunteer for a political campaign. Because traffic can be so bad after work, can I stay in and use my computer to work on some campaign materials? A. No. While we support everyone’s right to participate in the political process, you act with integrity and show respect by using your own resources and time for personal political activities. Q. I attended a conference and met an attendee who gave me his business card. He works at a government agency that is studying a new regulation that might impact our business prospects in an important new market. Can I call him and ask to set up a meeting? A. In this situation, you should first reach out to our Government Relations Department to help you evaluate local lobbying laws and provide you with useful research and strategies to tackle the regulatory issues. We are all accountable for understanding the laws and regulations that apply to our business.
employees to participate in the political process as we operate. nd healthy, productive societies. in the political process as individuals or as a itical process and engage in nd actions are your own, and not
OUR VALUES • Kellogg Company’s Global Code of Ethics   51 IN POLITICS T AFFAIRS We Do What’s Right rages individual participation in civic and political activities, ur Government Relations Department when considering running for l office and following your appointment or election, as this will help to y potential conflicts of interest.
active citizens. As a company, we will engage constructively with all As a company, we believe that an active, inclusive and fair political company, or engaging with governments, there are standards to which we must hold ourselves, which are covered below.




CORPORATE POLITICAL ACTIVITY Wherever we do business, we comply with federal, state and local political campaign finance and election laws.
Ethics

Employees may not make any direct or indirect political contribution or expenditure on behalf of Kellogg or with company funds unless permitted by applicable law and approved in advance by the Legal and Compliance Department and Government Relations Department. This applies to any political party, candidate, campaign or public official.

Political contributions or expenditures include:

• • •
es.




LOBBYING Kellogg will never apply, or attempt to apply, improper influence on any government agency, representative or legislator to produce an outcome favorable to Kellogg.

Lobbying is a legitimate pursuit for companies, but it can involve many kinds of activities that may require public disclosure and reporting requirements that are subject to specific rules. You may be engaged in lobbying if your work involves:

• • •
ve branch

You must discuss these activities with our Government Relations Department to determine whether disclosure or other rules apply. Obtain advice from our Legal and Compliance Department before offering or giving hospitality, gifts, favors and entertainment to a government official - see page 22 (Gifts and Entertainment) and pages 36-37 (Preventing Bribery and Corruption).




Y .K. Kellogg, invested in people, relationships and the leaving us a lasting legacy of integrity, of doing business
LIVING OUR VALUES • Kellogg Company’s Global Code of Ethics   53

ies tried to strike the sharpest bargains with their Kellogg instituted a practice whereby every distributor e favorable arrangements. Depression, when meaningful employment was hard to come e of your family’s needs was a daunting task, Mr. Kellogg created more shifts so more people could work and support arly profitable year, when other corporate leaders were ing fortunes, Mr. Kellogg invested his corporate profits me, Mr. Kellogg became one of the world’s wealthiest men. But h to better the lives of millions of people by establishing the ndation. Today, communities, families and children worldwide it from his generosity and philanthropy.

ed as doing the right thing, and Mr. Kellogg embodied this hat the best way to harvest the promise of tomorrow is to ation of values today. This legacy of integrity still guides proach to business; it inspires us to live our values with and every action we take on behalf of Kellogg Company y, every day.

alues, rather than blindly following rules, we understand what. And when we see the bigger picture, we think more ves, beyond the limits of what any of us can do on our own. ode is meant to help us support each other in delivering he future – for those who count on Kellogg Company to gacy for another hundred years:

integrity. We treat each other with fairness and respect.

s ur consumers with safe, high-quality, great-tasting foods.

ace igorously and with integrity. We partner with those who our values.

s ferred investment because we deliver the present while future.

ies al resources responsibly and support our communities.




54 GLOBAL ACCESS NUMBERS FOR OUR ETHICS ALERTLINE Our Ethics Alertline offers a confidential way to answer your questions and respond to your concerns in relation to ethics, compliance or any other requirements in our Code. The Alertline is operated for Kellogg by a third-party, confidential reporting company and is available for you anytime day or night, every day of the week. If you would like to use the Alertline, please call the number below that corresponds with your location. Your call will be answered in your local language. The operator will listen to your concern or inquiry, ask you clarifying questions, if necessary, and then write a summary report of the call. The summary will then be provided to the Office of Ethics and Compliance for assessment and further action, as appropriate. Country/Provider Australia - Telstra Australia - Optus Belgium Canada China, North - Beijing CNCG China, North - Beijing CNCG - Mandarin China, South - Shanghai - CT China, South - China Telecom - Mandarin Columbia, English Columbia, Spanish Ecuador - Andinatel Ecuador - Pacifictel Ecuador - Pacifictel, Spanish France Germany Guatemala India Ireland Italy Japan - KDDI Japan - Softbank Telecom Japan - NTT Korea, Republic of - Korea Telecom Korea, Republic of - ONSE Korea, Republic of - Dacom Mexico Mexico Mexico, Spanish - Pro Cobrar Mexico, Spanish
Number   ethics.ofﬁce@kellogg.com 7127 2-7127 888-292-7127   U.S. access code fice of Ethics and Compliance ny 2-7127   One Kellogg Square 2-7127 7127 127 888-292-7127   https://www.tnwgrc.com/Kellogg 888-292-7127 888-292-7127 888-292-7127 888-292-7127 88-292-7127 888-292-7127 888-292-7127 888-292-7127 292-7127
You may contact the Compliance in any of Ethics Alertline Refer to the list of numbers on this page. Email Fax 888-292-7127   + 269-660-4156 P.O. Box 3599 Battle Creek, MI 49016-3599 Web 0800-91-6630
Puerto Rico                                                                  888-292-7127
Russia Singapore
888-292-7127 888-292-7127
South Africa                                      0-800-99-0123              888-292-7127
Spain Switzerland Thailand Turkey United Kingdom - British Telecom United Kingdom - NTL United Kingdom - C&W
888-292-7127 888-292-7127 888-292-7127 888-292-7127 127 127
United States                                                                888-292-7127
US Virgin Islands Venezuela
888-292-7127
2-7127

For the most current list of AT&T Access Codes, visit www.business.att.com/bt/access.jsp. Our Vision: To enrich and delight the world through foods and brands that matter.

Our Purpose: Nourishing families so they can flourish and thrive.




Kellogg Company One Kellogg Square P.O. Box 3599 Battle Creek, MI 49016

September 2013
