S TARBUCK S 202 1
1   REPORT




Global
02







Environmental
1R EPORT 202






RE 021
1 R   POR


& Social Impact Report PEOPLE
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   2




Introduction Twenty years ago, in our first
Corporate Social Responsibility                      environmental and social impact in
report, we shared, “Starbucks has the opportunity to lead by example. Our responsibility starts with being accountable to Starbucks stakeholders – our partners, customers, shareholders, suppliers, community members and others – communicating openly about our business practices and performance.” Starbucks has always been a different kind of company – one deep with purpose, where we work together to create a positive impact in the world. We pursue ambitious goals for our partners, our communities and our planet with intention, transparency and accountability.
s      Together, with direct, open and transparent conversation and collaboration we will an ity, ofit.       Starbucks and co-create our future. pact      A future where our people and our communities are never left behind, but always propelled forward. lso nged       It is our role and our responsibility, of        together. nd nionize
restore trust in each other, reimagine connect with our customers and our      A future where our planet is cared for and we create value not only for communities, and when we remain our company, but for the collective accountable to each other. success of all our stakeholders. accountability from businesses. At times, we have fallen short of our ambitions. But we remain transparent about our missteps, while still rising to meet the opportunities ahead of us through our Mission and Values – and always with the aspiration to exceed the expectations of our partners and customers.




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   3




CONTENTS OF THIS REPORT




4 People




30 Planet




42 Governance Supporting documents, scorecard and tables begin on page 48




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   4




People At Starbucks, we put people at the center of our work. We have always believed that our success should be shared, and we remain committed to providing an elevated experience for our partners. We know that our success can be built upon to help our partners achieve their biggest dreams and to help our communities thrive. We are committed to being people positive— a bold effort to enhance the well-being of all who connect with Starbucks, through actions and programs rooted in opportunity, inclusion and community.




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   5




People



21 REPORT 20                    2 T




02 OR




1R 21 REP




OPPORTUNITY
EPORT 202 20 RT  O




1 P        E                RE POR 21 R     T 20

We believe in creating meaningful opportunities for our partners and farmers — investing in their health, well-being and success.




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   6




People O P P O R T U N I T Y “We inspire and nurture the human spirit. We have the opportunity every day to create a different kind of company whose DNA is human connection. One Best Moment at a time, one conversation at a time, one community service event at a time, one smile at a time. The world has never needed inspiration and nurturing more than it does now.” Rossann Williams, evp, president North America
global network. take great pride in knowing will
Uplifting our partners More than 400,000 Starbucks            Our commitment to our partners           Outside the U.S., we offer innovative partners represent the diverse         goes beyond wage and health              partner benefits to help address communities we serve around the        coverage by offering a full suite of     unique needs in different parts world. They include working parents,   innovative benefits that are relevant    of the world. This includes military spouses, students and young   to the diverse needs of our partners     Apprenticeship and Home Sweet people for whom putting on the         around the world.                        Loan programs in the United green apron represents their first                                              Kingdom and mental health services Our industry-leading benefits for U.S. job. We know that every person                                                  for partners in Canada. In China, partners include: working at Starbucks is on their way                                            full-time Starbucks baristas and to achieving their own personal and    •C  omprehensive healthcare               shift supervisors are eligible for a career goals, and we are committed      coverage                                monthly housing subsidy as well as to supporting our partners and         • F ull tuition coverage for a          comprehensive health insurance their aspirations at Starbucks and        first-time bachelor’s degree          coverage for their parents. beyond. To do this, we constantly         through the Starbucks College         It is our mission to be a different listen and learn from our partners,      Achievement Plan                       kind of company, and we continue and seek ways to make Starbucks a      •S  tarbucks “Bean Stock”                 to evolve our benefits to fit the meaningful, fun and inspiring place •4  01(k) retirement plan                 needs of our partners. Our work to to work. • L yra mental health benefit           create new benefits and flexibility Starbucks total pay package remains                                             for our partners during the COVID-19 •B  ackup Care with Care@Work a fundamental differentiator from                                               pandemic is a recent example  arental leave others in our industry. In FY21,                                                of our ongoing effort to listen  artner and Family Sick Time           to our partners, learn from their substantial wage investments in         Benefit                                 experiences and to then support our history, boosting the premium      •C  aring Unites Partners (CUP) Fund      them as members of the Starbucks In FY22, Starbucks announced  acation time                          we have continued to pioneer an additional investment in our •U  p to $1,000 annually in matching      innovative benefits for full- and funds to eligible nonprofit             part-time employees around the reach approximately $1 billion in organizations for partner               world. wages and benefits over two years.      donations or volunteer time Please see page 15 of the 2022 Proxy   •A  free pound of coffee each week, Statement for more details.             in-store discounts and other perks




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   7




People O P P O R T U N I T Y Our Commitment to Partners




Innovative, Inclusive Healthcare  omprehensive and affordable •C choices in health insurance coverage with personalized support •H  ealth insurance coverage that is inclusive of transgender medical needs
100% College Tuition Coverage           Partner & Family Support                    More Partner Perks
 ompetitive wages                       he Starbucks College •T                                      •A  welcoming and inclusive place            •A  pound of coffee each week Achievement Plan provides 100%          to work •A  dded pay for tenure at 2+ and                                                                                            •D  iscounts tuition coverage for a bachelor’s 5+ years                                                                       • F lexible hours to match partner degree through a partnership with                                                  • F ree food and beverages on shift needs •O  pportunity to grow your career —      Arizona State University • F ree Spotify Premium Barista Trainer, Shift Supervior and                                           •P  rofessional networking and •S  tarbucks also extends this benefit                                               • F ree Headspace Premium beyond                                                                          career development through to a spouse or child of partners
Partner Networks                           •P
• F ertility services including IVF •2  0 free mental health sessions each year
 lus more •A  robust 401(k) plan with match         who are current members of the U.S. Armed Forces and Veterans         •P  aid Parental Leave for birth and • “ Bean Stock” — partners share non-birth parents in our financial success through     •S  tarbucks Global Academy offers grants of Starbucks stock             access to courses for personal and     •P  artner and Family Sick Time professional development at no         • F amily Expansion Reimbursement cost •C  hildcare benefits •P  artners can apply on day one •V  acation and other time off



Partners who work 20 hours or more in the U.S. are benefits-eligible with health and college tuition benefits requiring eligibility. Around the world we have innovative benefits to address unique needs: •U  .K.: Apprenticeship and Home Sweet Loan Programs •C  anada: Mental health coverage and interest-free housing loans •C  hina: Housing subsidy and health insurance for parents of partners



© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   8




People O P P O R T U N I T Y Training and Educational Resources We are investing Starbucks success back into our partners. Training and educational resources are designed to recruit and retain the best people and affirm Starbucks as one of the very best jobs in retail globally. The way we hire, develop and advance our partners is critical to our journey toward inclusion, diversity and equity at Starbucks. We believe in sharing our educational resources with those outside of Starbucks as part of our commitment to lifelong learning and providing many pathways to opportunity. Starbucks Global Academy is a platform for Starbucks partners, customers, suppliers and community members around the world to access world-class, open-scale learning content without barriers and at no cost. Operated in partnership with Arizona State University (ASU), Starbucks Global Academy learners deepen their knowledge on key Starbucks initiatives and advance their personal and professional goals from a library of over 100 curated courses including our To Be Welcoming curriculum, Greener Apron and Starbucks Coffee Academy. Barista Basics and Continuous Learning FY21 Results: $1.2 billion invested in onboarding, immersion and continuing education training programs for our retail partners. We invest in key training and learning programs to ensure that store partners are equipped with the knowledge, skills and ability to provide a great experience for Starbucks customers. In FY21, Starbucks invested $1.2 billion in training programs for our new and existing retail partners to foster smart onboarding and continuous learning. The Barista Basics Training Program provides the initial training for a newly hired barista on essential skills and knowledge required for the role. Using simple and intuitive tools, skills are taught through one-to-one delivery and on-the-job training. It is a highly effective learning experience for a new barista that quickly enhances confidence and competence in delivering customer service. Starbucks is redesigning Barista Basics to include additional training time for all roles as well as practice shifts. We are also working to expand beyond our 40 highly successful training stores in the U.S. that are dedicated entirely to training partners in this area.
0,000 unique views.
ird Place Development Series e been designed and implemented 020 model, Starbucks engaged its vote on topic ideas through an internal eas were submitted, and 2,500 The four partner-generated Pour Over : biases related to age; ilities, like multiple sclerosis, dging the political divide through ly and nearly 37,000 course completions since launch.1 create the To Be Welcoming In 2020, we opened this 15-course we are working to meet our goal tomers and communities – in program to help more people engage with difficult topics through
Since the beginning, we have worked to build and provide a third place where everyone is welcomed and respected. The Third Place Development Series empowers partners to create an atmosphere of warmth and belonging To Be Welcoming FY21 Results: Over 87,000 course enrollments in To Be Welcoming courses Our commitment to equal opportunity means cultivating an environment where differences are embraced and building a culture that fosters a sense academically robust, objective and research-based content.




1
all company-




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   9




People O P P O R T U N I T Y
Greener Apron                                        Starbucks Coffee Academy                 Starbucks College
FY21 Results: Over 38,000 course enrollments in Greener Apron globally and more than 15,000 course completions since launch.2 Starbucks iconic green aprons take on an even deeper meaning through our work to give more than we take from our planet. We offer every partner the opportunity to access the Greener Apron course. The course is designed to give all partners the tools they need to champion sustainability in their stores, homes and communities. It covers a range of sustainability topics and offers practical steps toward taking better care of the planet.
e        Achievement Plan fee          FY21 Results: 2,500 partners n           earned their college degree in FY21 through the Starbucks College s          The Starbucks College Achievement s      Plan (SCAP) was created to help cks     more Starbucks partners realize cing,    the dream of a college education. craft.   Partners who enroll in the SCAP program receive 100% tuition offee     coverage towards their bachelor’s s        degree at ASU from Starbucks. ffee. In   The program connects Starbucks e     partners with more than 100 t       bachelor’s degree programs, all ion      offered fully online. This flexibility podcasts, brew guides and        makes the SCAP program a game-
launch.2                                 Achievement Plan. origin maps.                             changer for many of our partners. Since the program began in 2014,         “When I started working at Starbucks, I had no idea nearly 7,000 partners have earned their college degrees, and we are        that it would open so many doors for me.” working towards our ambitious goal Gigi, an aspiring musician and daughter of immigrants from the of graduating 25,000 Starbucks Philippines who will be the first in her family to graduate college, partners from ASU by 2025. never thought she would be able to even attend college. Born and raised in the Bay Area, Gigi, now 24, grew up immersed in the arts. But creativity was just a hobby and the plan was to go to a four-year school and study business and hospitality. Until she couldn’t come up with the money.

Through her hard work in the Starbucks College Achievement Plan with ASU, her life has changed. She is studying film and media and was even cast in the Starbucks 50th Anniversary national television commercial. And last spring quarter, Gigi earned a 4.0 grade point average.

The future is bright for Gigi and the 20,000 Starbucks partners enrolled in SCAP.

2  he geographic scope of this data point includes all company- T owned and operated markets globally.




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report       10




People O P P O R T U N I T Y Partner Networks FY21 Results: 12 Partner Networks with 77 active chapters across the U.S. and an additional 19 partner networks globally.3 Starbucks Partner Networks are partner-led groups that bring together people with shared identities and experiences, along with their allies, to promote a culture of inclusion and contribute to the success of our partners and our business. Our partners are thoughtful advocates and powerful voices to help promote change and understanding within the company and beyond. Since the launch of the LGBTQ (now Pride Alliance) Partner Network in 1996, partners across the global Starbucks community have created 12 networks with 99 active chapters across the U.S. and 19 partner networks globally as of February 2022. The geographic scope of this data point 3 includes all company-owned and operated markets globally.
ucks         Share the heritage of the African diaspora        Foster a community of awareness, advocate       to develop partners, advise our business      inclusion and accessibility for partners     Asia-Pacific Partner Networks: mmunity     and enrich Starbucks contribution to our         with apparent and non-apparent t our             to the growth of the India market,       values, we will interweave communities by 06)        celebrate Indian culture and support the      teaching and understanding our heritage. rive to cultivate an equitable, dynamic         Welcome, empower and advocate               Ignite the power of women to make LGBTQ            for refugee partners and allies while       an impact through partners, allies and ers. (Est. 1996)    strengthening and enriching their global             community. (Est. 2008)
EMEA Partner Networks: •B  lack Partner Network (Est. 2020) •P  ride Network (Est. 2020) •W  omen’s Impact Network (Est. 2020) that embraces Veterans in the workplace      customers and communities. (Est. 2007)                 disabilities. (Est. 2006)             •C  ulture Club (Est. 2020, Hong Kong) and enriches the Starbucks Experience. •D  isability Advocacy Network (Est. 2020, Hong Kong) •P  artners for Sustainability (Est. 2020, Hong Kong) •P  ride Alliance (Est. 2020, Hong Kong) •S  ocial Impact Celebrate the Latinx culture, develop       Develop a global community contributing      Preserve and celebrate Indigenous cultural        (Est. 2020, Hong Kong) •W  omen’s Impact Network (Est. 2018, India; est. 2020, growth of partners from the region.        Together, we will unite and continuously Hong Kong) (Est. 2013)                           Walk in Beauty. (Est. 2020) Latin America and Caribbean Partner Networks: •D  iversity Network (Est. 2021, Chile) •E  thical Diversity Network (Est. 2021, Brazil) Support and empower the next generation       Foster meaningful connections and elevate    Educate, engage and empower Starbucks of Starbucks leadership. (Est. 2015)          the impact of Pan-Asian partners and        partners to drive sustainable change. •P  artners with Disabilities (Est. 2022, Brazil) allies within Starbucks and the community.                  (Est. 2021) (Est. 2007)                                                                 •P  ride Network (Est. 2019 in Argentina and Uruguay; est. 2021 in Chile and Colombia) •R  efugee Network (Est. 2021, Costa Rica) •S  ustainability Network (Est. 2021, Chile) Starbucks Experience. (Est. 2018)




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   11




People O P P O R T U N I T Y
Supporting Farmers Around               Coffee and Farmer Equity (C.A.F.E.) Practices
“We must be brave, and we must lead, and set out aspirations that are bold to take the path that can create a better future for those that grow coffee and their families, and to ensure that the beauty and art and ritual that’s coffee remains in all of our cultures, for decades and decades to come.”
the World                               FY21 Results: Nearly 95% of Starbucks coffee was ethically sourced and Today’s farmers face numerous           verified through C.A.F.E. Practices. challenges to their long-term future.   The cornerstone of our ethical sourcing approach to buying coffee is Coffee We believe that it is Starbucks         Farmer and Equity (C.A.F.E.) Practices, which was one of the coffee industry’s responsibility to work alongside        first set of ethical sourcing standards when it launched in 2004. Developed coffee farmers to improve their         in collaboration with Conservation International, C.A.F.E. Practices is a livelihoods – whether they sell to      verification program that measures farms against economic, social and us or not. Together, we hope to help    environmental criteria, designed to promote transparent, profitable and farmers increase their productivity,    sustainable coffee growing practices while protecting the well-being of quality of life and profitability by    coffee farmers and workers, their families and their communities. Evidence driving solutions that support both     shows that farmers participating in the program have higher productivity people and our planet.                  than country averages, which has helped Starbucks create a long-term supply of high-quality coffee while positively impacting the lives of coffee farmers and their communities. Our goal is to ethically source and verify 100% of Starbucks coffee through C.A.F.E. Practices. In FY21, due to restrictions caused by COVID-19, auditing teams were unable to complete all the necessary in-person, on-farm audits to renew their active status in the program. As a result, 94.86% of our coffee in FY21 was sourced from C.A.F.E. Practice- verified farms.

Michelle Burns, evp, Global Coffee, Tea and Cocoa




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   12




People O P P O R T U N I T Y Responsible Sourcing for Tea FY21 Results: 99.9% of tea sourced by Global Coffee, Tea & Cocoa, the company’s global coffee sourcing team, verified as responsibly sourced. Sourcing certified tea is a key aspect of our ethical sourcing approach. In FY21, Global Coffee, Tea & Cocoa, the company’s global coffee sourcing team, sourced 99.9% of tea from Rainforest Alliance Certified farms. Farms, forest communities, and businesses that participate in Rainforest Alliance’s certification program are audited against rigorous sustainability standards based on the triple bottom line: environmental, economic and social well-being. In addition to our global coffee sourcing team, Starbucks regional teams also purchase tea. Moving forward, we are working with regional markets to verify their purchases using a consistent set of ethical sourcing guidelines and expect to provide reporting on those efforts in coming years.
Traceability FY21 Results: More than 33,000 bags of coffee were traced using our online tool. ed         In 2020, the Starbucks Digital on kilograms of                 Traceability tool was launched in North American retail stores to d   transform each bag of coffee beans into a digital passport, launching net.    coffee lovers on a virtual expedition to meet farmers, roasters and baristas and to explore coffee- llion     growing regions around the world. beans     In FY21, more than 33,000 bags er   of coffee were traced using the ntinue to    traceability tool online, and the tool ied    was accessed by nearly 170,000 unique visitors, raising awareness for farmers, C.A.F.E. Practices and r expertise and increase   Starbucks ongoing commitment to ork to ch teams also
our due diligence and transparency      transparency. purchase cocoa. Moving forward, we are working to provide additional transparency across all cocoa- based products sourced across the company globally.




4
an be found here.




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   13




People O P P O R T U N I T Y
Global Farmer Fund                                   Farmer Support Centers                  Childcare Centers
FY21 Results: Starbucks doubled the Global Farmer Fund to $100 million. Since FY18, $54.8 million in loans has been deployed.
FY21 Results: Five new centers opened in Guatemala to support farming families during harvest. ced agronomy
Through co-investments with techniques.5
The Starbucks Global Farmer Fund                                                             Starbucks suppliers, we opened an
was created to improve supply chain resiliency and ensure a long-term supply of coffee by addressing the unmet business financing needs of farmers. Too often, farmers cannot turn to traditional banks for business lending because of high interest rates. The loans provided through the fund allow farmers to plant new trees, improve their infrastructure and build financial resiliency in the face of shifts in climate and markets. In FY21, Starbucks committed an additional $50 million dollars to double the fund. Since FY18, Starbucks has deployed $54.8 million to coffee businesses and farmers through loans.
additional five childcare centers in Guatemala for the 2021-2022 harvest season bringing the total operating in this harvest to ten. The centers provide safe spaces for local and migrant workers’ children to continue their education during the coffee harvest season. mists tals es                                               Carlos Mario Rodriguez, director and global head of coffee research and development, was part of the very first Farmer Support Center
agronomy team. He drove his pickup truck over countless miles of narrow roads to visit farmers and help them with a range of sustainability issues and ensure a long-term supply of quality coffee. Carlos helped farmers set up their own test plots, showed them how to space trees correctly and offered suggestions to manage erosion and reduce the use of pesticides.

“I think it’s very important for customers to know how difficult it is to produce high-quality coffee,” he said. “It’s critical that we support the farmers.”

For Carlos, Starbucks progress in supporting farming communities is best measured one farm, one farmer at a time.

5 T  he geographic scope of this data point includes all company- owned and operated markets globally.
“To me, as a professional, as a partner, it’s the best part really when you start working with a particular farmer and see that they are improving their living conditions and being able to keep producing coffee as a good business,” he said. “That’s the best. It’s really something that motivates us.”




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   14




People




INCLUSION
21   REPORT 20                2 T




02 R 2021 REPO




We believe it is our responsibility to advance
1R EPORT 202




racial and social equity, and we are committed
T OR




to furthering that work with intention, transparency and accountability.
1 EP                    RE T 2021




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   15




People I N C L U S I O N Racial & Social Equity Goals & Representation At Starbucks, we are on a journey to advance racial and social equity for our partners, our community and our society. Our work to advance inclusion, diversity and equity has already led to important policies, programs and initiatives. We are building on the work in our prior Civil Rights Assessments, conducted by Covington & Burling, including the recommendation to hire a chief inclusion & diversity officer and to set and meet representation goals for Black, Indigenous and People of Color (BIPOC) partners and women partners across the company.6 Starbucks continues its efforts to achieve 2025 representation goals, including achieving at least 30% BIPOC representation at all corporate levels and at least 40% in all retail and manufacturing roles. We also aim to achieve 55% women in all retail roles, 50% women in corporate roles and 30% women in manufacturing roles by 2025. We are working to ensure that our partners represent the communities they are part of and serve. Use our interactive tool to view additional demographic data of Starbucks partners.


FY21 Results: Diversity in Retail Stores Goal: Our partner base will include 40% BIPOC partners and at least 55% women partners in all retail roles in the U.S. by 2025.
versity in Corporate Roles                           FY21 Results: Diversity in Manufacturing Roles BIPOC representation and        Goal: We will achieve 40% BIPOC representation and 30% prise roles by 2025.        representation of women for manufacturing roles in the R O L E 			                       BIPOC           WOMEN               R O L E 			                        BIPOC           WOMEN
U.S. by 2025.

Regional Vice President                      20%     65%                 Senior Vice President+             22%            59%                 Director                            13%            13%
Regional Director                            30%     52%                 Vice President                     32%            49%                 Manager                             24%            28%
District Manager                             32%     60%                 Director                           29%            56%                 Individual Contributor              49%            34%
Store Manager                                37%     69%                 Manager                            30%            54%
Shift Supervisor                             45%     70%                 Individual Contributor             38%            54%




6
on have been rounded.
Board Diversity FY21 Results: Our Board of Directors has 55% BIPOC representation (6 out of 11 members) and 36% representation of women (4 out of 11 members)​. In FY21, Starbucks announced that Mellody Hobson would build on her experience since joining the Starbucks board of directors in 2005 by serving as the company’s non-executive chair. At the time of this groundbreaking announcement, only 15 companies where the director is not also the CEO among the S&P 500 had a female chair, and none of the women represented identified as Black. Starbucks joined the Board Diversity Action Alliance to act alongside peer companies as part of our commitment to representation of racially and ethnically diverse directors on Starbucks corporate boards of directors. The Board Diversity Action Alliance works to increase the representation of racially and ethnically diverse directors on corporate boards of directors, beginning with Black directors. Our full disclosure is in the



© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   16




People I N C L U S I O N Global Equity in Pay FY21 Results: Starbucks has achieved and maintained 100% pay equity for women and men and people of all races performing similar work in the U.S. and achieved and maintained gender equity in pay in global company- operated markets Canada and Great Britain.7 Since announcing in 2018 that Starbucks had achieved 100 percent pay equity for women and men and people of all races performing similar work in the United States, we have committed to maintaining that standard annually and reaching 100% gender pay equity for all partners in Starbucks company- operated markets globally. In FY21, Starbucks once again maintained 100% pay equity for women and men and people of all races performing similar work in the U.S. As of the end of FY21, median pay ratio in the U.S. was 100% for women and BIPOC partners. Globally, in FY21 the median pay for women was 100% of the median for men. We once again maintained gender equity in pay in company-operated markets Canada and Great Britain. In FY20, our licensed partners in Singapore, the Philippines and India achieved 100% pay equity for women and men. In FY21, eight additional markets in Asia-Pacific and the Hong Kong Support Center achieved 100% gender pay equity, and we continue to work with licensed partners to prioritize gender pay equity in all markets. We continue to leverage our experience in achieving gender equity in pay in the U.S. and other markets by sharing our pay-equity principles — equal footing, transparency and accountability — with other employers to help address known, systemic barriers to global pay equity.
2019, Starbucks has 21,
Civil Rights Assessment Assessment. This assessment, conducted by Covington & Burling LLP under the leadership of former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder, Jr., addresses our progress over time inclusion, diversity and equity on


Starbucks Inclusion & Diversity Mentorship Program We continue to be intentional in cultivating a culture of inclusion, with a focus on partner retention and development by launching a mentorship program. Beginning with our BIPOC partners, the program is designed to connect partners to senior leaders with the goal of creating continuous learning opportunities for the mentor and the mentee. In FY22, the first cohort of participants graduated, and survey results show that 100% of program participants “feel a sense of belonging at Starbucks since the launch of the program.” All mentors and mentees surveyed agreed that they achieved a deeper understanding of partners’ experience with inclusion and diversity.



7 Our goal is to reach 100% pay equity in all global company-owned and operated markets.




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   17




People I N C L U S I O N Before joining Starbucks as a store manager in Southern California, Joe spent 15 years in the restaurant business, eight of them as a chef. When COVID-19 became a pandemic and everyone started wearing masks, Joe realized he was suddenly deprived of his primary communication tool: reading lips. Joe, 28, was born in Guam, unable to fully hear sounds — especially whispers or anything said behind him. Doctors eventually diagnosed him with otosclerosis, a condition caused by the abnormal growth of the tiny bones inside the ears that commonly contributes to hearing loss. “Growing up, I was classified as Deaf,” Joe says. “I was very ashamed of my hearing. I was embarrassed. I thought if people found out, they wouldn’t want to be my friend, wouldn’t want to talk to me, wouldn’t want to hire me. So I taught myself how to read lips, read the room. I taught myself things to be and feel normal. I wore hearing aids as a little kid, but after a while I would take them off when I got to school... I saw how other kids would act toward kids with disabilities.”
e Human Rights Campaign tand as an ally to the lesbian, sexual, transgender and queer community – affirming every way tarbucks received a 100% score on lity Index based on corporate the 11th year. Starbucks also ect to support providing low- e and $50,000 to the National understanding and acceptance of
Supporting LGBTQ+ Partners For more than three decades, Starbucks has been committed to building cost legal services for transgender and queer low-income people and other

Recently, his twin girls — with the help of his wife and father-in-law — gifted him with a new pair of hearing aids. They were an unexpected blessing. They also gave him the confidence to seek out community and a career outside his comfort zone, which led him to Starbucks.

“I started to embrace my Deafness and decided I want to learn more about it and inspire other people with Deafness,” Joe says. “Who knows, maybe there’s a handful of partners out there who are afraid or embarrassed to share. I want to let them know it’s all right. We’re all just people at the end of the day.”




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   18




People I N C L U S I O N
Disability Inclusion                                 Inclusive & Accessible Design            Starbucks Signing Stores
FY21 Results: Starbucks received 100% score on the Disability Equality Index. Starbucks is committed to enhancing accessibility of the Starbucks Experience for partners and customers. We are proud to be recognized for our inclusion policies and practices related to people with disabilities. In 2015, 2016, 2017, 2019 and 2021, Starbucks scored 100 out of 100 on the Disability Equality Index and was recognized as a “Best Place to Work.” We are a member of Disability:IN’s Inclusion Works program, a national forum for peer institutions to share best and evolving practices on Access and Disability Inclusion, and have signed on to Disability:IN’s pledge, Are You In, committing to advance disability inclusion in the workplace.
FY21 Results: Operating 11 Signing vides        Stores globally.9 ter service for blind globally that provide a space for the le   Deaf and hard of hearing community to connect through sign language ciples    and celebrate Deaf culture. g d le
Signing Starbucks stores are led by and low-vision customers and store partners who are proficient introduced new large-print Braille in sign language, whether they are menus in all stores in the U.S. and hearing, hard of hearing or Deaf. Canada.8 Starbucks operates 11 signing stores




The geographic scope of this data point includes all company- 8

owned and operated stores in the U.S. and Canada. The geographic scope of this data point includes all company- 9

owned and operated stores globally.




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   19




People I N C L U S I O N
Refugee Support                                                                       Veterans and Military Families
FY21 Results: Starbucks hired 339 partners who self-identified as refugees in the U.S., Canada and EMEA, bringing our cumulative total to 2,959.10 Starbucks has a longstanding history of creating opportunity and investing in the people who are part of the communities we serve. That includes our commitment to hire refugees across the company, with a goal of hiring 10,000 refugees globally by 2022. In FY21, Starbucks hired 339 refugees globally, bringing our cumulative total of partners who have self-identified as refugees to 2,959. In the U.S., our efforts include a focus on hiring interpreters, personnel and their families who served alongside U.S. troops overseas to champion their talent, experience and resilience. Since announcing our commitment, we have built partnerships with organizations around the world like International Rescue Committee, LIRS and Upwardly Global. Additionally, in FY21, Starbucks joined coalition efforts dedicated to welcoming Afghan refugees in the U.S. such as Mobilizing America for Refugees Fund and Welcome.US. The Starbucks Foundation, a 501(c)(3) charitable organization with a mission to strengthen humanity by transforming lives across the world, awarded more than $350,000 in grants to No One Left Behind, International Rescue Committee Seattle, ACCES Employment and Refugee Council U.K. - nonprofit organizations supporting the resettlement of Afghans in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom in FY21.
re now open, and we have hired ross Starbucks roles in the U.S. itary service members and military inspire us each day. Our goal is to itary spouses annually, and in FY21 we d military spouses across Starbucks rk in building a sense of belonging, camaraderie and inclusiveness for
Starbucks Military Family Stores have become a hub for active service members, Veterans, families and communities all over the country. Because military families often live far from family and friends, Military Family Stores are located near major military bases to serve as a place of connection and support. Each store also works with Veterans Service Organizations to help connect local Veterans and their families to services and resources. By the end of FY21, Starbucks 78 Military Family Stores were open across the United States, with the goal to open 132 Military Family Stores by the end of 2022. Starbucks is also dedicated to teaming up with service organizations that help Veterans transition to civilian life, develop as leaders and leverage their skills and passion to positively change communities.  tarbucks has partnered with Team RWB since 2017 to support their hundreds of thousands of Veterans. •H  eadstrong helps Veterans and their families heal the hidden wounds of war with confidential, free and effective mental health treatment. With an investment of $150,000, Starbucks catalyzed the Headstrong clinical counseling network in the Pacific Northwest.




The geographic scope of this data point includes globally company- 10

owned and operated markets and licensed markets in EMEA.




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   20




People




COMMUNITY

We recognize a responsibility to strengthen the communities where we live, work and grow. Starbucks impact in communities is most
20                    2




meaningful when our efforts begin with our
02 R 2021 REPO




partners, who know their neighbors best.
1R




EPORT 202 T OR




1 P        E                RE POR 21 R     T 20




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   21




People C O M M U N I T Y
Community Stores                                     Hunger Relief
FY21 Results: Starbucks dedicated its 21st Community Store in the U.S., and its 13th Community Store in Asia. Starbucks Community Stores are dedicated to providing economic opportunity in rural and urban communities across the U.S. These stores are focused on hiring locally, creating dedicated space for communities to come together for events, featuring local artists and working with diverse contractors for store construction and remodels. In FY21, Starbucks dedicated its 21st Community Store in the U.S. and the 13th Community Store in Asia on the journey to opening 100 Community Stores by the end of 2025.
tion program is available at 100% of U.S. and Canada. In FY21, 10.4 million meals illion meals were donated in Canada.11 re food donation program in partnership arvest Canada and other hunger-relief are was scaled to 100% of company-operated sulting in 10.4 million meals donated and from waste streams in the U.S.,12 and 1.2 4 million pounds of food diverted from waste re was launched in U.S. in 2016, 39.4 million ve diverted 47.3 million pounds of food Canada launched in 2019, and through the en donated, along with 3.3 million pounds Starbucks hunger relief programs also including the United Kingdom, Japan and       “When you’re on the receiving end, every bit counts,”
Since 2016, Starbucks has been committed to the fight against hunger says Antonio Flores Sanchez. Since 2016, Starbucks has invested 45 million into hunger relief efforts in $ It’s 10:30 p.m. on a recent Tuesday night, and the cars are still stop- the U.S., and in FY21 made a commitment to reinvest $100 million by 2030. and-go in the drive-thru line at the Starbucks Community Store in Additionally, in FY21, we announced a new $1.7 million donation to Feeding America to advance equitable access to nutritious food, building on $2.69        Watts. Inside, Antonio, the store manager, is checking his inventory of million invested in food bank mobile pantry programs since 2019. The             perishable food. Sandwiches, salads, pastries, wraps. Various protein equitable food access grants were distributed to 16 local Feeding America        boxes filled with vegetables, eggs, cheese and chicken. He rifles member food banks located near Starbucks Community Stores. The grants            through them all, filling an orange tote with unsold products. are designed to help food banks provide nutritious food to households with       He walks the box to a refrigerator in the back and putting it inside. individuals who are BIPOC and residing in communities experiencing high          On Wednesday, a delivery truck will stop at one of the Los Angeles rates of food insecurity. Regional Food Bank’s warehouses, a 90,000-square foot storage and distribution center that processes four million pounds of food donations every week. Starbucks uses an innovative backhaul model, which means the same drivers who drop off the supplies at each Starbucks store also pick up the donation boxes, unlocking efficiencies and possibilities that didn’t exist before.

The geographic scope of this data point includes all company-owned and operated 11 stores in the U.S. and Canada. 12 According to the USDA, 1.2 pounds of food is the equivalent to one meal.
Nearly 700 smaller, local agencies work with the Los Angeles Regional Food Bank to get food free of charge for their own programs, whether it’s a larger sub-angency or a kids’ backpack program or a senior- citizen home delivery service. Starbucks helps support mobile food banks and refrigerated vans to ensure that fresh food is delivered safely and on time. It’s a story that happens thousands of times over, at every company-operated Starbucks in the United States.




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   22




People C O M M U N I T Y
Community Resilience Fund                                                         Supplier Diversity and
FY21 Results: Starbucks committed to invest 100 million in a Community $                                  Inclusion Resilience Fund; Starbucks deployed $10 million into Chicago Community            FY21 Results: Nearly $800 million Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs) to support small businesses.           spent with Tier 113 diverse suppliers.14 Too often, entrepreneurs of color can’t thrive because they don’t get the         The Starbucks Supplier Diversity and capital and support they need to succeed. In FY21, Starbucks executed its         Inclusion program drives inclusion of FY20 commitment to partner with CDFIs to invest $10 million in small-             qualified businesses with a focus on business development loans for Chicago’s underserved communities.                 suppliers of all sizes and categories. Building on this initiative, Starbucks committed to invest $100 million in        In FY21, Starbucks spent nearly the Starbucks Community Resilience Fund. The Fund aims to advance racial          $ 800 million with diverse suppliers, equity and environmental resilience by supporting small business growth and       supporting more than 6,400 jobs community development projects in BIPOC communities with historically             and contributing to $1.2 billion in total limited access to capital with a goal to have the total fund invested by 2025.    direct, indirect and induced economic The investments will initially focus on 12 U.S. metropolitan areas and            impact nationwide. Starbucks has their surrounding regions: Atlanta, Detroit, Houston, Los Angeles, Miami,         spent more than $8 billion with Tier 1 Minneapolis, New Orleans, New York City, Philadelphia, San Francisco              diverse suppliers since 2000. Bay Area, Seattle and Washington, D.C. In partnership with community leaders, CDFIs and other impact-focused financial institutions, the Fund will help provide access to capital intended to support small businesses and neighborhood projects, including those addressing the inequitable impacts of climate change.




Tier 1 refers to those suppliers from whom Starbucks directly purchases a given product. 13

The geographic scope of this data point includes all company-owned and operated 14

stores in the U.S. and Canada.




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   23




People C O M M U N I T Y
Civic Engagement Resources                                                                 Outreach Worker Program
FY21 Results: In FY21, nearly 85,000 people – including customers and partners – accessed voter registration and election information (via Fuel Our Democracy) while more than 12,500 partners used civic education resources (via Starbucks Partners Vote). As part of Starbucks commitment to civic engagement, we continued to provide tools and resources for partners to ensure their voice is heard in each and every election. We provide partners with voter education and resources to make a plan to vote and support conversations between managers and partners to ensure partners don’t have to choose between work and voting. In July 2021, Starbucks joined the Business for Voting Rights Coalition in calling on Congress to update the Voting Rights Act, to help ensure protection of the right to vote for all.
to roll more than 1,600 people in xity
stabilizing programs. hyperlocal street outreach and social workers that have expertise in connecting individuals to stabilizing programs and resources. The program initially launched in partnership with
Community Champions                                                                        United Way Worldwide and has since
FY21 Results: More than 18,000 partners globally engaged as Community Champions, participating in over 2,900 community events and donating more than 45,000 volunteer hours to local nonprofit organizations.15 Our vision is to empower every partner to be a Community Champion, and we provide the resources, tools and recognition for the many ways partners can make a positive impact in the community. For some partners, being a Community Champion may mean donating unused food nightly as part of their store’s FoodShare program. F​ or other partners it may include planning and participating in community service events, hosting donation drives in store, nominating community nonprofits for Neighborhood Grants, donating to nonprofit organizations or inspiring others to become Community Champions. Starbucks matches up to $1,000 annually for both full-time and part-time partners’ eligible contributions to nonprofits, including a dollar- for-dollar match on financial donations and, with recent improvements in the program, a match for every hour of volunteer time donated to an eligible nonprofit organization​​. In support and recognition of U.S. and Canada Starbucks Partners’ Community Champion efforts, Starbucks donated over $ 1 million to more than 2,000 nonprofit organizations.
addition ton
and partnered with local nonprofit organizations that specialize in street outreach and connect in individuals experiencing homelessness, mental




The geographic scope of this data point includes company-owned and operated markets 15

in the U.S. and Canada, and licensed operations in the Bahamas, Indonesia, and Mexico.




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   24




People

21   REPORT 20                  2 T




02 R 2021 REPO




N AV I G A T I N G A G L O B A L P A N D E M I C
1R EPORT 202




T OR




1 EP                     RE R   POR T 2021


Throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, Starbucks has remained committed to three guiding principles: 1 2 3
rtners, and erve




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   25




People N A V I G A T I N G A G L O B A L P A N D E M I C Our partners are the backbone of our business and they have continued to show up for their communities in the face of extraordinary circumstances. Since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic and through FY21, we provided benefits to support our partners that included service pay, catastrophe pay, benefits continuation, expanded mental health support, expanded backup childcare support and food and beverage allowances. Additionally, we have continued to strongly encourage all partners to get fully vaccinated and boosted against COVID-19, providing up to two hours of paid time off for partners to receive the vaccine, up to three doses, as well as up to 4 hours of paid time off if partners experience vaccine-related side effects and miss a scheduled shift within 48 hours of receiving the COVID-19 vaccine or booster. We also created online tools for partners - along with their friends and family - to create a vaccine plan and easily access state-specific information about vaccine availability. And because our partners are known for giving back, we continue to share volunteer opportunities for partners who want to support safe and equitable vaccine access in their communities. A key part of our COVID-19 action plan is to stay informed and communicative about recommendations from national, state and local health authorities. Since the onset of COVID-19, Starbucks aligned with national, state and local health recommendations to ensure our business decisions are anchored to and guided by facts and science. In addition, Starbucks believes that businesses have a role and a responsibility to support our communities with safe and equitable vaccine access. In FY21, Starbucks shared educational information and resources about the COVID-19 vaccine and supported our communities in equitable vaccine access and distribution.
organizations. rivate partnership (the COVID-19 Vaccine Action Command and
Responders In January, Starbucks and other companies joined Washington State Governor Inslee and Challenge Seattle in a first-of-its-kind public- Coordination System (VACCS) Center), to help optimize accelerated, safe and equitable access to the COVID-19 vaccines across Washington State.

Utilizing the company’s Tryer Center Innovation Lab, Starbucks contributed expertise in operational efficiency, scalable modeling and human-centered design to Washington State’s vaccine distribution efforts. The Starbucks team used this work to inform three different models: vaccination clinics, drive-through clinics and mobile pop- ups to go to people in more rural or underserved areas. Starbucks, in partnership with Challenge Seattle and VACCS, also released a Playbook of best practices from this partnership, so that other states and government leaders may leverage the findings and efficiencies for ccess                                         This partnership helped Washington State successfully accelerate vaccine distribution to meet Washington State’s 45,000 vaccinations
other mass vaccination sites across the country.
Washington State Vaccine Action                     resilience building.                                                     per day goal.
 tarbucks and The Starbucks

© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   26




People
21 REPORT 20                    2 T




02 R 2021 REPO




T H E S TA R BU C K S F O U N DAT I O N
1R EPORT 202 T OR




1 P        E                RE POR 21 R     T 20



The Starbucks Foundation is a U.S. 501(c)(3) charitable organization with a mission to strengthen humanity by transforming lives across the world. It is focused on enabling community resiliency and prosperity, and uplifting communities affected by disaster. In FY21, the Foundation provided more than $ 23 million in grants to nonprofit organizations across the U.S. and around the world.




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   27




People T H E S T A R B U C K S F O U N D A T I O N For Frank, a barista in Texas, volunteering is a way of paying it forward.
and Latin America.
Origin Grants for Women & Girls FY21 Results: 15 unique grants totaling $5 million awarded in support of women and girls in Origin communities.16 Since International Women’s Day 2018, the Foundation has been working toward a goal to empower 250,000 women and girls in coffee, tea and cocoa growing communities by 2025. Women play key roles for their households, farms and communities, and women are often most disproportionately impacted by evolving challenges, such as the climate crisis. We believe that investing in women and girls in coffee, tea and cocoa-growing regions significantly impacts both families and broader communities. The Starbucks Foundation’s Origin Grants help these communities continue to break down barriers to education, promote clean water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH) and create economic opportunities for women and girls. Through FY21, this effort has made a difference in the lives of more than 125,000 women in coffee- and tea-

“When good things started happening to me, I felt I needed to find something to give back to.” Frank, 49, has been volunteering for Resource Center in Dallas for more than 20 years. As a young gay man, he first sought out Resource Center’s HIV education and prevention services when he moved to Dallas. It’s now one of the largest LGBTQ+ community centers in the country. Frank volunteers at the center in a number of ways, but his heart lies with the food service program. For the last decade, he’s organized a Thanksgiving meal that has grown to serving over 400 people. In November 2020, the event was cancelled due to the pandemic. But his longtime volunteers still wanted to contribute. Frank also had help from his Starbucks partners.
re investments in nonprofit nizations across the U.S. and
illion awarded to more than 1,300 local nonprofits ners – to help build sustained ner volunteerism in our communities.
Neighborhood Grants nominated by Starbucks partners.17 Since 2019, more than 15,000 Starbucks partners have participated, resulting

“It wasn’t what we normally did, but it was the next best thing to do. And to see my fellow partners come out to represent Starbucks…They knew it wasn’t going to be glamorous. It was going to be cold. It was going to be outside. They did it with grace and smiles.”

Frank’s enthusiasm for Resource Center prompted his manager to nominate it for a Neighborhood Grant from The Starbucks Foundation. These grants are awarded to community nonprofits, all nominated by partners. “I’m hoping I can bring my experience with philanthropy and community outreach to do more under the Starbucks umbrella.”
16  he geographic scope of this data point includes all company-owned and operated T markets globally. The geographic scope of this data point includes all company-owned and operated




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   28




People T H E S T A R B U C K S F O U N D A T I O N
Youth Equity Grants                                  International Grants                    Disaster Response
FY21 Results: More than 4 million  $ in grants awarded to organizations serving BIPOC youth. In 2020, The Starbucks Foundation committed to invest $5 million in nonprofits that serve BIPOC youth. In FY21, The Starbucks Foundation finalized its grant recipients: Big Brothers Big Sisters of America, Boys & Girls Clubs of America, City Year, Covenant House, Junior Achievement USA, MENTOR, Public Allies and YWCA USA. These grants will support diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives, youth mentorship and leadership and life skills for youth through national- and local-level programs in communities across the United States. As of January 2022, programs supported by the Foundation’s grants have impacted more than 100,000 youth.
awarded to promote resilience and hat we serve        uplift communities impacted by Throughout FY21, The Starbucks Foundation continued to uplift th     communities affected by disaster by investing nearly $4 million 18,     in preparedness, response and tted      resilience programs around the world, ms     including to support communities the      disproportionately impacted by the s to   increased frequency and intensity For      of disasters due to climate change. In addition to national support of the American Red Cross and global support of World Central Kitchen’s chef relief efforts, the Foundation provided quick support to impacted ic      communities, from Hurricane Eta rbucks   and the Texas winter storms to the Miami building collapse and volcano
FY21 Results: More than 40 grants       FY21 Results: Nearly $4 million outside of the United States.18         disaster.18 partnership with Planet Water           eruption in the Democratic Republic Foundation, engaging Starbucks          of Congo. partners as volunteers to provide clean water access and hygiene education programs to communities in seven different countries.




 he geographic scope of this data point includes all company-owned and operated T 18

markets globally.




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   29




People F Y 2 2 H I G H L I G H T S T O D A T E At Starbucks, inclusion and belonging must be everyday realities - on both sides of the counter, in our Starbucks Support Center, across our supply chains and in farming communities around the world. Our work to enhance the well-being of all who connect with Starbucks continues in FY22.
Inclusive and Accessible Physical         Positively Impacting Women and
and Digital Spaces                        Girls at Origin Diversity Across the Supply Chain With the recognition that one in four     In FY22, The Starbucks Foundation The Starbucks Supplier Diversity and American adults has a disability and      met its commitment to empower Inclusion program drives inclusion of all people experience changes to          250,000 women and girls in origin qualified businesses with a focus on their physical or mental health,          communities by 2025, ahead of suppliers of all sizes and categories. Starbucks is working to extend            schedule. In service of our ambition In FY22, we announced our work disability inclusion and accessibility.   to be people positive, The Starbucks to increase the annual spend with Foundation committed to expand its diverse suppliers to $1.5 billion by     In FY22, Starbucks committed to commitment – seeking to positively 2030.                                    design, test and scale more inclusive impact 1 million women and girls in
Partner Investments                                  Reaching More People
Every decision and every investment we make is to ensure our partners are supported. To do this, we take bold actions with intention, transparency and accountability. In FY22 we built upon our work to increase pay for partners during the COVID-19 pandemic by announcing new wage increases:
communities by 2030. e our Community Impact Global Community Impact Grants           a million dollars of investments
design standards and experiences coffee-, tea- and cocoa- growing across its store portfolio, with the goal of ensuring that every physical and digital Starbucks environment         Addressing the Root Causes of will meet a bolder, more accessible       Chronic Homelessness in Seattle standard by 2030.                         Building on the company’s 50- year legacy of work to strengthen and uplift its hometown, in FY22, Starbucks announced nearly a half
Small Business Support                    The Starbucks Foundation, in             that will take place throughout
•A •A •A •A
FY22, announced a $30 million            2022 to advance solutions that investment by 2030 in a new              support those experiencing chronic rt          Global Community Impact Grants           homelessness in the greater Seattle portfolio designed to drive locally      region. These efforts include ,       partner companies (licensees) which      expanding support for nonprofits s,          operate the Starbucks brand across       providing dignified access to basic its three international regions – Asia   needs including bathrooms, showers Bay Area,     Pacific; Europe, Middle East & Africa;   and laundry services for individuals f        and Latin America & the Caribbean        experiencing chronic homelessness, ed       – to nominate local nonprofit             expanding its commitments to the are intended to fund programs            by supporting Plymouth Housing
community development projects            relevant impact in the communities       partnering with the We Are In in BIPOC communities. The initial         where Starbucks operates around          Coalition to support Partnership for investments are focused on 12 U.S.        the world. To scale the initiative,      Zero, led by the King County Regional metropolitan areas and surrounding        The Starbucks Foundation invited         Homelessness Authority (KCRHA), $ 21 million in funding to seven CDFIs     organizations for grants. These grants   chronically homeless population Resilience Fund.                          that create meaningful local or          and extending its investment regional impact and expands on the       in Northwest Harvest as part of company’s people positive ambition       its FoodShare program. to enhance the well-being of all who connect with Starbucks.




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   30




Planet Starbucks is committed to being resource positive — giving back more than we take from the planet. Over the course of our 50 years, with the help of our partners, we have looked for ways to help protect our planet consistent with the belief that we can build a great business that scales for good — driving innovation, ensuring a sustainable future for coffee and caring for people. We have set a bold commitment to reduce our carbon, water and waste footprints in half by 2030, and we continue to work to ensure that our 2030 targets remain ambitious as science and measurement capabilities evolve.




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   31




Planet




2030 GOALS & PROGRESS

Our aspiration to become resource-positive means we will give more than we take from the planet: storing more carbon than we emit, providing more clean freshwater than we use and eliminating waste.
20                    2




02 R 2021 REPO




1R EPORT 202 T OR




1 EP                        RE R      POR T 2021




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   32




Planet 2 0 3 0 G O A L S & P R O G R E S S 2030 Planet Goals Carbon 50% absolute reduction in scope 1, 2 and 3 greenhouse (GHG) emissions representing all of Starbucks direct operations and value chain.
Waste 50% reduction in waste sent to landfill from stores (including packaging that leaves stores) supply      and direct operations, driven by
chain, prioritizing action in high-    a broader shift toward a circular risk water basins while supporting     economy. watershed health, ecosystem resilience and water equity.








We are governing our sustainability commitments through our Global Environmental Council, which is comprised of senior leaders across Starbucks whose compensation is tied to performance against our goals. We also formally review and seek counsel from our Board of Directors Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, along with informal advisors who are experts and influencers in the sustainability sector. We can only achieve this ambition by working together with, and receiving feedback from, our stakeholders — partners, suppliers, non-profit organizations, industry partners, government, farmers and customers are all part of our journey to store more carbon than we emit, eliminate waste and replenish more freshwater than we use. In FY21, rooted in science, grounded in Starbucks Mission and Values and informed by comprehensive market research and trials, Starbucks finalized 2030 environmental goals to cut our carbon, water and waste footprints by half, working from a FY19 baseline.
“Starbucks sustainability journey has been driven by bold aspirations and a comprehensive approach. Today, our goal is to become resource-positive, storing more carbon than we emit, replenishing more freshwater than we use and eliminating waste. We set targets to cut our carbon, water and waste footprints in half by 2030.” Michael Kobori, chief sustainability officer




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   33




Planet 2 0 3 0 G O A L S & P R O G R E S S Since that time, Starbucks carbon goal has been validated as science-based from the Science Based Targets Initiative (“SBTi”). The SBTi has confirmed that the scope 1 and scope 2 portions of our 2030 carbon target are aligned with a 1.5°C pathway, the most ambitious level they validate. In FY20, we joined the newly established Transform to Net Zero (TONZ) initiative as a founding member. Comprised of nine founding members, the Initiative’s objective is to accelerate the transition to a net zero global economy no later than 2050 by developing and delivering research, guidance and roadmaps to guide businesses in achieving net zero emissions. Starbucks also expanded its goal to conserve or replenish 50% of water used in green coffee production in our direct operations to include global operations, agricultural supply chain and packaging, increasing the projected water conserved or replenished and addressing some of the biggest impacts on Starbucks water footprint. To achieve this, we will focus on expanding water conservation and replenishment efforts to include agricultural supply chains, global operations and packaging; catalyzing holistic watershed health improvements in highest risk basins; and by promoting equity and resiliency for communities through WASH. Starbucks endorsed the United Nations’ Water Resilience Coalition (WRC) to help preserve freshwater resources globally. Coalition members commit to collective action in water-stressed basins, to develop and implement resilient practices across their industry, and to provide leadership and advocacy in the field of water stewardship. Similar to last year, our progress against our 2030 commitments in FY21 was influenced by external factors, including COVID-19. Compared to FY19, GHG emissions increased one percent19 and water withdrawals decreased by 11% in FY2120. Starbucks diverted 32% of operational waste and 24% of packaging was reusable, recyclable or compostable in FY2121. We are continuously improving data availability and quality as we improve our environmental impact measurement process.




19 At  this stage in our journey toward significant reductions, an increase in GHG emissions operations and engaging with our value chain while improving our measurement systems. 20 21
ng innovative solutions across our global
cause of shifts in agricultural preferences, continued impacts from easurement processes. packaging was changed to increase dustry standards. We are reviewing our




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report     34




Planet
21 REPORT 20                    2 T




02 R 2021 REPO




S T R AT EG IE S F O R C H A N G E
1R EPORT 202




T OR




1 P        E                RE POR 21 R     T 20


To meet our 2030 goals, we have set five key strategies rooted in science, grounded in Starbucks Mission and Values and informed by comprehensive research and trials:

• Expand plant-based menu options • Shift away from single use to reusable packaging • I nvest in regenerative agriculture, reforestation, • Invest in better ways to manage our waste • I nnovate to develop more sustainable stores,
r




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   35




Planet S T R A T E G I E S F O R C H A N G E Susan, a partner in Shanghai, is excited to be part of the first Greener Store outside of North America. “I feel very lucky to be store manager at this very important store. As the first store in China to be certified under the ‘Starbucks Greener Store’ standard, this store sets new benchmarks for green retail,” Susan says. The Shanghai Greener Store is unique in that it will focus on circularity, which means it was designed and built to reduce waste and repurpose goods.
s, opening the first Greener ilt to reduce waste,
ith a focus on circularity. The for future innovation. In FY22, continue the international expansion of this program with
Greener Stores Framework FY21 Results: 2,779 Greener Stores are certified globally. Announced in 2018, the Greener Stores Framework, co-developed with World Wildlife Fund, is designed to accelerate the transformation of retail towards lower-impact stores that achieve reductions in carbon emissions, water usage and landfill waste. With performance-based standards that incorporate design and extend throughout the life of a store, Starbucks Greener Stores in North America have reduced energy consumption by 30% compared with the company’s prior store designs. Additionally, state-of- the-art technologies treat and conserve water, reducing annual water use by more than 30%, saving more than 1.3 billion gallons of water annually. Meanwhile, 90% of company operated stores have adopted waste diversion and circular practices, including recycling, composting, Grounds for Your Garden and Starbucks FoodShare. In FY21, 2,779 Starbucks stores were certified Greener Stores and we Greener Stores opening in Japan, the U.K. and Chile. We aim to build and operate 10,000 Greener Stores globally by 2025.

“[Greener Stores] lead sustainability solutions in store design, construction and operations, with [our Shanghai store] focusing on waste reduction. With the opening of this store, we invite customers and communities to adopt greener lifestyles,” Susan says.

The store is designed to bring eco-friendly practices to life for customers. From using wood reclaimed from renovations at other Starbucks stores, to Starbucks green aprons made from recycled cups, to a Circular Lifestyle Lab that showcases sustainability-themed exhibitions featuring emerging young artists and advocates, the store promises to be an immersive learning experience for all.

“Protecting the planet is everyone’s responsibility. We are all in this together for a better future. I would like to invite everyone to the store, joining us [in a] greener lifestyle,” Susan says.



© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   36




Planet S T R A T E G I E S F O R C H A N G E
Renewable Energy                                                                   Plant-Based Menu
FY21 Results: Renewable energy powered 66% of company-operated facilities globally. Worldwide, Starbucks purchases enough renewable electricity to power 100% of our company-operated stores in the U.S., Canada and U.K. In FY21, renewable energy powered 66% of company-operated facilities globally compared to 72% in FY20, with market constraints in China and Japan challenging our ability to meet the goal of using renewable energy to power 100% of our operations globally. Expanding our roster of renewable energy projects in the U.S. is a priority for Starbucks. In FY21, we continued to use our scale to drive innovation across the energy sector and support not only our stores but also the communities in which we operate with renewable energy. Starbucks committed to investing nearly $97 million in up to 23 new community solar projects in New York in partnership with Generate Capital, which will supply solar energy to more than 24,000 households, small businesses, nonprofits, churches, universities and Starbucks stores. Six of these projects went into service FY21, serving communities that historically do not have access to clean energy. Starbucks also completed the installation of a one-megawatt solar array at the Starbucks Carson Valley Roasting Plant and Distribution Center. On-site solar energy will provide nearly a third of the Roasting Plant and Distribution Center’s electricity for the year. In FY21, a combined Virtual Power Purchase Agreement (VPPA) and Virtual Storage Agreement (VSA) that Starbucks entered came online and is estimated to provide renewable energy for more than 550 stores in California with solar energy and utility-scale batteries. And, in Southwestern Washington, Starbucks supported the development of a new wind project which will provide renewable energy to approximately 140 Starbucks Stores and the company’s Kent Roasting Plant, along with numerous communities in Washington. As Starbucks advances its renewable energy strategy, the company will use its scale to drive innovation across the energy sector, applying an environmental and climate justice lens to new investments in the U.S. and Canada.
nks and food to menus while
sia, Philippines, New Zealand,
ustomers in Starbucks Caribbean eakfast Sandwiches and in nu options, dairy remains an ro Initiative, a partnership of the toward the industry’s goals
d plant-based menu items for customers. s. Our aim is to provide our customers a ks experience. Customers around the their local menus. Starbucks joined forces oday nearly all stores across our markets s. st Sandwich while those in Chile ade in association with NotCo. Starbucks aunched new plant-based food rap and Beyond Meatball Arabian oss key platforms like espresso, cold wing customer demand globally. ainable Dairy dcrafted coffee beverage, the Caffè Latte, al ingredient for the company. While the same time, dairy is one of the largest and water withdrawals. To reach our work with others to source dairy y and improvements in water quality on
Expanding Starbucks plant-based menu items globally is one of the ways we are In the Asia Pacific region, Starbucks has introduced plant-based beverage and FY21 Results: Invested $10 million in U.S. Dairy Net Zero Initiative. responsibly and sustainably. farms. Through a $10 million investment, Starbucks is providing more farmers access to effective environmental and economically viable practices and technologies – from feed production to manure handling, cow care and on-farm energy efficiency. Starbucks also joined the Farm Powered Strategic Alliance as a founding member, repurposing food waste in Starbucks supply chain into renewable energy via farm-based anaerobic digesters. The process produces low carbon fertilizer that host farms use to support regenerative agriculture practices, while Starbucks, in turn, helps contribute to a low carbon economy.



© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   37




Planet S T R A T E G I E S F O R C H A N G E Reducing Single-Use Plastic FY21 Results: Continued employing our innovative test-and-learn approach to reducing single-use plastic. Efforts to reduce single-use plastic, particularly cup waste, are not new to Starbucks. We have offered the option for customers to enjoy their beverage in For Here Ware or to BYOC (bring your own cup) for a discount since the 1980s. In FY21, after removing the option from our stores due to COVID-19, we proudly reintroduced personal reusable cups and For Here Ware in most markets, though less than 1% of beverages sold were in reusable cups.22 We continue to conduct consumer and market research to better understand how best to incentivize the use of reusables towards our goal to double the use of reusable cups from 2016-2022. In FY21, our test-and-learn approach included testing a Borrow-A-Cup program in stores in Seattle and Korea, which gave customers the option to receive their beverage in a reusable cup and return it at a participating store’s contactless kiosk. International markets also identified key pathways in support of our 2030 waste reduction target. Starbucks EMEA committed to offering a reusable cup share program in all EMEA stores by 2025, and Starbucks South Korea committed to eliminating single-use cups by 2025. In addition, finding better ways to manage waste with more sustainable packaging solutions is a priority to achieve our Planet Positive goals. As we continue our work to shift away from single-use materials, Starbucks is continuing our work to develop compostable and recyclable hot cups in collaboration with Closed Loop Partners and the NextGen Consortium. We are also taking action to shift away from single-use plastics and champion the circular economy through our participation in the Ellen MacArthur Foundation’s New Plastics Economy Global Commitment.
f 2022 that will meet our goal to cups. Currently, our hot cups contain reasing the amount of recyclable lso working to develop 100% y 2022. In FY21 and FY22 to date, ed the list of major markets where We recognize that some of these efforts ational challenges created by the ts will not deter our longer-term can be recycled in many markets in the U.S. ive material straws mostly made of yalkanoate (PHA). While some PLA and ernational markets, PHA straws were
We achieved our goal to eliminate plastic straws.23 This effort does not deter our commitment to accessibility and our responsibility to provide plastic straws for customers who require them to enjoy their favorite beverage. To eliminate traditional plastic straws, we first reduced demand, through the rollout of strawless lids, which we has approximately 9% less plastic than the flat lid and straw historically used for iced beverages. Unlike traditional




22
s all company-owned and operated a.

T  he geographic scope of this data point includes all company-owned and operated 23

markets globally.




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   38




Planet S T R A T E G I E S F O R C H A N G E
Sustainable Future of Coffee                                                       Climate-Resistant Coffee Trees FY21 Results: Announced goal to achieve Carbon Neutral Green Coffee                FY21 Results: More than 10 million climate-resistant trees were distributed by 2030.                                                                           globally through Starbucks 100 Million Tree commitment. Coffee farmers rely on a healthy planet to produce high-quality coffee.            Starbucks has a goal to provide 100 million coffee trees to farmers by 2025. In FY21, Starbucks announced a new goal to achieve carbon neutral green            In FY21, we distributed more than 10 million trees to farmers in Mexico, coffee by 2030. This commitment builds on Starbucks work to source coffee          Guatemala and El Salvador. Over the past six years as part of our 10-year, 100 responsibly, for the betterment of people and planet, while we also work           million-tree commitment, Starbucks has donated nearly 60 million coffee to empower farmers, improve their livelihoods and positively impact their          trees to farmers. These new trees are bred to be resistant to coffee rust, a communities, all with the aspiration of ensuring a sustainable future of coffee.   disease associated with climate change, and to help farmers improve the To help achieve this goal, we are focused on on-farm carbon mitigation in our      quality and yields of their harvest. In FY21, we announced a partnership with supply chain, leveraging precision agronomy to support better soil health and      the Federacion Nacional de Cafeteros de Colombia to distribute 23 million fertilizer management. Working across Starbucks Farmer Support Centers and         coffee seedlings to more than 12,000 C.A.F.E. Practices farmers over the next in partnership with suppliers and farmers, we continue to collect soil samples     two and a half years with the goal of helping farmers renovate their farms and to better help farmers understand the specific nutrients and fertilizer needed,    improving productivity and yields. In the last year, we have distributed more with the intent to reduce green coffee’s carbon footprint while helping            than 7 million coffee trees as part of this program. In addition, we have also farmers to be more productive and resilient. To date, we have collected nearly     expanded the program with a goal to distribute more than 45 million coffee 23,000 soil samples in Guatemala, Mexico, Peru, Rwanda and Kenya to help           trees to C.A.F.E. Practice-verified farmers in Colombia by 2023. inform custom fertilization plans.


Water Reduction and Replenishment                                                  Forest Conservation & Restoration FY21 Results: Committed to conserve water usage in green coffee                    FY21 Results: Launched two new projects in Colombia and Peru and processing by 50%; To date, contracted more than 1200 eco-wet mills.               protected and restored more than 500 hectares of forests. Traditional coffee processing is water intensive. In FY21, Starbucks announced     Land-use change and deforestation are the greatest climate risks facing the a goal to conserve water usage in green coffee processing by 50%. With             coffee industry. Early in FY21, Starbucks launched projects with Conservation 200,000 wet mills in Starbucks C.A.F.E. Practice supply chain to separate          International in Huila, Colombia, and San Martin, Peru, to not only remove coffee fruit from coffee beans, Starbucks has an opportunity to conserve           carbon and support our carbon neutral goals, but to provide freshwater water by ensuring farmers have access to more environmentally friendly             ecosystems benefits and improve biodiversity. In FY21, these projects have machines, which also standardizes quality and increases processing efficiency      resulted in more than 500 hectares of forest in Peru protected or restored for farmers.                                                                       with restoration plans underway in Colombia. Over the next five years, we anticipate these projects to conserve or restore more than 6,000 hectares In FY21, Starbucks contracted more than 1,200 eco-mills for coffee farms in 16 farming communities across the countries, benefiting both local in Guatemala, Mexico, Peru, Kenya and Rwanda. The result has been up to communities and reducing Starbucks carbon footprint. The projects are 80% water savings in coffee processing where installed. As part of Starbucks also developing carbon measurement and water monitoring protocols, in long-term water strategy, we are developing water replenishment projects at conjunction with local stakeholders. Origin, with a focus on prioritizing action in high-risk basins while supporting watershed health, ecosystem resilience and water equity.




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   39




Planet S T R A T E G I E S F O R C H A N G E ASU-Starbucks Center for the Future of People & the Planet FY21 Results: Announced the creation of the ASU-Starbucks Center for the Future of the People and the Planet. Building on our long-standing partnership, in FY21, Starbucks and ASU announced the creation of the ASU-Starbucks Center for the Future of People and the Planet – a new research and rapid innovation facility created to find new ways to design, build and operate Starbucks stores. Composed of a dedicated team of scientists, researchers and support staff, including subject- matter experts from Starbucks and ASU, the center’s objective is to positively impact the future of our planet. In its first year, the Center has focused on food and wellness, innovation test stores, greener stores and community betterment.




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   40




Planet
Animal Welfare                                                                                Cage Free Eggs                           Antibiotics                              Sow Housing
Just as with our coffee, Starbucks goal is for everything we sell to be produced under high quality and ethical standards. For the food and dairy we serve, this means a commitment to social responsibility standards with animal welfare as a primary focus. We are committed to working with and buying from farmers and suppliers who share our commitment to humane practices throughout an animal’s lifecycle. FY21 has brought a renewed focus on Animal Welfare, and we have launched an internal Animal Welfare working group and steering committee to continue to improve our commitments. Please view Starbucks Animal Welfare-Friendly practices.
FY21 Results: As of 2018, all poultry    FY21 Results: Developed plan d       featured in Starbucks products in        to phase out excessive use of of         stores in the U.S. is raised without     gestation stalls. -free.24   the routine use of antibiotics. We
In December 2021, Starbucks work closely with our suppliers to Since Starbucks first began buying                                                released an updated sow housing continue to ensure they meet this cage-free eggs in 2008, we have                                                   commitment for North America. commitment. made significant progress, increasing                                             Starbucks is phasing out the our purchases year-over-year. In         Starbucks engaged with our               excessive use of gestation stalls for FY21, Starbucks received a Good Egg      suppliers and set a goal to serve        the sows (mother pig) in our supply award from Compassion in World           only poultry raised without the          chain by 2030. The excessive use Farming’s 2021 Egg Track Report for      routine use of medically important       of gestation stalls would include the progress we’ve made against our      antibiotics in all company-operated      stalls where gestating sows do not cage-free egg commitment in the          U.S. stores by 2020. In 2018, we         have the ability to turn around. U.S. and Europe. In FY21, all of the     met that goal two years ahead of         This commitment extends to shelled eggs we use in our products      schedule. The poultry we serve has       all Starbucks branded products, in the U.S. and Europe are certified     been raised without the routine use      including those supplied to our cage-free, and all of the liquid eggs    of antibiotics.                          licensee business partners in the we use in Europe and 99.3% of the                                                 U.S. and Canada. To reach our goal liquid eggs used in the U.S. are                                                  of phasing out the excessive use certified cage-free. While there have                                             of gestation stalls, we will specify been great strides in availability of                                             100% “group-housed” pork as a the cage-free egg supply in the U.S.                                              requirement of our pork suppliers and Europe, there is still work to be                                             in the U.S. and Canada and take done across the industry to increase                                              steps to ensure a “group-housed” supply to address market availability                                             pork supply in 2024. We expect to globally. In Asian company-operated                                               demonstrate meaningful progress markets such as China and Japan,                                                  towards this goal in 2023. Group the production of cage-free eggs is                                               housing will significantly reduce a not widespread and supply is not                                                  sow’s time in a gestation stall. yet available at scale. Starbucks will continue to engage and consult with industry stakeholders on increasing the available supply in order to achieve our goal for company- operated stores.




24
lly. The geographic scope of this data rkets in the U.S. and Europe.




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   41




Planet F Y 2 2 H I G H L I G H T S T O D A T E Starbucks Journey to
Cup                  NextGen Consortium                       Fueling the Future
Sustainable Dairy                                    Programs                                 As a founding member of the              In FY22, Starbucks continues
As a company that works with and relies on the farming community every day, it is Starbucks responsibility to help drive solutions that support both people and our planet and that help ensure a sustainable future of dairy. In FY22, we launched a collaborative effort with dairy farmers and The Nature Conservancy to help refine and scale an approach to sustainable dairy and environmental stewardship for the betterment of people, planet and animals.
row-     NextGen Consortium, Starbucks has        to rapidly expand its roster ing       been working to address single-use       of renewable energy and Japan and      food packaging alongside leading         decarbonization projects in the food and beverage companies              United States, including a new on, the      globally. In October 2021, Starbucks     partnership with Volvo to electrify and McDonald’s announced a               the driving route from the Colorado joint $10 million investment in the      Rockies to the Starbucks Support NextGen Consortium to identify,          Center in Seattle. Beginning this ce,     accelerate and scale commercially        summer, Volvo electric vehicle viable, circular foodservice             chargers, powered by ChargePoint, p    packaging solutions.                     will be available at up to 15 Starbucks . In                                             stores along the route as part of the company’s 2,700 Greener nd of 2023, customers will                                                Store portfolio. The company
Waste and Recycling App be able to use their own personal        In FY22, Starbucks launched a new        will use these pilots to explore reusable cup for every Starbucks         Partner Waste and Recycling App,         how EV charging and emerging
Expanded Greener Stores                                                                       developed by partners as part of the     technology will intersect with the
Starbucks Greener Stores support our Planet Positive goals with performance-based standards that incorporate design and extend throughout the life of a store. In December 2021, we opened the doors to Japan’s first Greener Store in Tokyo, which will serve as a sustainability hub, informing Starbucks Greener Stores expansion across Japan. Starbucks will continue the international expansion of this program with Greener Stores opening in the U.K. and Chile.
Greener Stores Innovation Challenge,     Starbucks Experience of the future o give     designed to help partners navigate       and changing trends in retail. By personal      complex and unique store recycling       2030, Starbucks aspires to lead the guidelines. The app puts everything      retail industry in decarbonization nt     partners need to know to reduce          solutions, including Electric Vehicle are          waste and recycle in one place; it       charging and onsite solar availability ience.     features store specific information      at stores and in adjacent locations.
visit in the U.S. – including in café, and notifications, a sorting guide and   Starbucks will continue to expand its the option to create store specific      solar pilot locations to 55 new stores signage for partners and customers.      this year.




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   42




Governance We believe strong corporate governance is the foundation for financial integrity, partner and stakeholder confidence and sustainable performance. We promote ethical leadership and business practices to deliver our very best in all we do, while holding ourselves accountable for results.




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   43




Governance Board Oversight on Environmental, Social and Governance Issues Our board is highly engaged in sustainability matters given that our global environmental and social impact goals are intricately linked to our strategic direction. Our board considers our impact agenda at least annually in connection with the strategic plan.
ties are integrated into
Starbucks long-term strategy.

In addition, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is tasked with the responsibility of overseeing the effectiveness of our environmental and social responsibility policies, goals and programs, including review of our annual Global Environmental and Social Impact Report, and make recommendations as appropriate. Other board committees are also involved in assessing and managing our environmental and social priorities through their oversight responsibilities, including risk management and talent management. In addition to board oversight of our environmental and social goals, we regularly engage with informal advisors who are experts and influencers in sustainability.
t of
Oversees, reviews and assesses the effectiveness of Starbucks ESG strategies, policies, practices, goals and programs; annually reviews Starbucks corporate political contributions and expenditures to ensure alignment with Starbucks COMPENSATION COMMIT TEE                      AUDIT COMMITTEE implementation and effectiveness            overall risk management, and also of Starbucks practices, policies and        reviews ESG disclosures in SEC filings. strategies relating to human capital management as they relate to Starbucks workforce generally.




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   44




Governance Ethics & Compliance FY21 Results: Starbucks was recognized by Ethisphere as one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies for the 14th year. Our Ethics & Compliance program supports our Mission and Values and helps protect our culture by fostering an environment that is committed to ethical leadership and conducting business with integrity. The Ethics and Compliance program makes regular reports to the Board of Director’s Audit Committee including formal sessions several times per year. We provide all Starbucks partners with our Standards of Business Conduct, a framework to guide them in ethical decisions at work. The Standards of Business Conduct is supported by other robust global company policies and training for our partners. Our internal policies cover ethics and human rights issues including Anti-Harassment, Anti-Discrimination, Conflicts of Interest, Gifts & Entertainment, Anti-Bribery and Equal Employment Opportunity. Annually, we conduct training on our SoBC for our partners to recommit to our company values. Partners are empowered to ask for guidance and voice concerns when they experience or see conduct that is inconsistent with our Standards of Business Conduct. Our Ethics & Compliance Helpline and Webline allow partners to ask questions and voice concerns. The Helpline and Webline are available 24 hours a day, seven days week, with interpreters and translations available. We are committed to providing safe, confidential and accessible channels to all individuals connected to Starbucks, while maintaining a strict Anti- Retaliatory Policy in compliance with our Global Human Rights Statement.




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   45




Governance Executive Compensation Tied to ESG Performance In FY21, we incorporated a new set of measurements into our executive compensation programs focused on sustainability and building inclusive and diverse teams, which resulted in the increase of the individual performance factor (IPF) of the Annual Incentive Bonus Plan from 30% to 50% of the overall payout calculation. Ten percent of the overall bonus payout calculation for Starbucks senior vice president and above population is tied to Starbucks planet-positive results which aligns to our vision of giving back more than we take from the planet, as well as ensuring the sustainability of coffee and other materials which are paramount to our business operations. Another ten percent of the overall bonus payout calculation is tied to creating an inclusive environment where everyone belongs, because the strength, diversity and inclusiveness of our workforce drives our success as a global brand.
ategy and goals are targeted
gement comprehensive stakeholder review d analysis and identifying g both internal and external impact and create positive each, public forums and industry age these channels on an
At the local level, operations teams, including our regional, district and store managers are available and often actively engage local stakeholder questions or concerns. If an issue goes beyond the scope of their responsibilities, they escalate it to the Starbucks Support Center (headquarters). Any issues related to ESG matters referred to the Global Social Impact and Global Public Policy
Responsible Tax Policies                                                           team for response or further action.

As a responsible business, we manage our global tax responsibilities in keeping with our mission and values. Our approach to tax aims to align with the needs and long-term interests of our various stakeholders - including governments, shareholders, partners and the communities where we operate and source products. To achieve this, we work to implement several guiding principles: •W •W •W •W •W
cial responsibilities, equitable, and we governments fund ommunities and ansparent and respectful tax matters, including ment (OECD) atic exchange of losure and transparency ommission (“SEC”), ire financial and tax tions.
lations and standards ns and expenditures.
, Starbucks adopted a policy to cy about our corporate political contributions and
Starbucks is committed to being actively involved in the communities we serve. This commitment extends to our approach to public policy. We believe we have a responsibility to advocate policies that support the health of our business, our partners and communities we are part of. In an expenditures. We believe this policy serves Starbucks interests in promoting public policies of concern to the company and educating elected and public officials about our business, while providing important information to our partners, customers and shareholders. Starbucks is committed to conducting business ethically, with integrity and in accordance with the law. Part of that governing our interaction with the government, including our disclosure and




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   46




Governance Human Rights At Starbucks, we are committed to respecting human rights, as outlined in our Global Human Rights Statement, which was updated in FY20. Throughout FY21, we continued to embed our updated Global Human Rights Statement into our various internal and external stakeholder communication, training and due diligence systems. Throughout the year, we continued to work diligently to demonstrate our commitment to human rights and human rights due diligence through our various People Positive initiatives, from ensuring that the coffee we serve to our customers is ethically sourced to advancing racial and social equity, LGBTQIA2+ rights and disability inclusion throughout our operations. For instance, within our Tier 1 coffee supply chain, we leveraged our flagship C.A.F.E. Practices program to identify and initiate corrective action plans for zero tolerance non-conformities in FY21. For each zero tolerance non- conformity brought to our attention through C.A.F.E. Practices, we swiftly addressed them by working closely with our suppliers and our on-the- ground, third-party partners to pursue corrective actions, including, where appropriate, providing remedy for the impacted individuals. See our program scorecard for the full list of human rights topics we cover. On the manufactured goods side, whether it’s the merchandise on our shelves or the furniture we place in our stores, we continued to implement our ethical sourcing program and standards for manufactured goods and services, which includes on-the-ground factory assessments and assurance measures to identify and remediate potential and actual violations. While the COVID-19 pandemic limited our ability to conduct these on-the-ground assessments, we were nevertheless able to achieve a significant milestone in FY21: the mapping of and transparency into 98% of our Tier 1 manufactured goods supply chain. Going forward, we now have the transparency we need to influence, measure and report the performance of nearly our entire Tier 1 manufactured goods supply base.
eriences and perspectives they
ghts is a core component pects the inherent dignity of all their best work by embracing and
each bring to our work. We adhere to ILO Core Labor Standards, including the rights to freedom of association and participation in collective bargaining. While we do not believe third-party representation is necessary at Starbucks, we respect our partners’ right to organize and we want partners to be informed as they make decisions about engaging with third-party representation. Starbucks created the “We Are One Starbucks” website with critical information and resources for partners who may be exploring joining or engaging with a union. See data tables at the end of this report for FY21 performance results and trends.




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   47




ABOUT THIS REPORT Scope Our Global Environmental and Social Impact report for FY21 focuses on the goals in our two key social impact areas: People and Planet. We’ve also included links to information and resources publicly available at stories.starbucks. com and starbucks.com regarding financial, corporate governance work, workplace and diversity policies and performance, because
ous Reports                             identify forward-looking statements,      COVID-19 or other public health          to the extent we experience a nual ince the
although not all forward-looking          events, the expected effects of          material breach; material failures statements contain these identifying      new accounting pronouncements            of our information technology words. These statements include           and the estimated impact of              systems; costs associated with, and statements relating to trends             changes in U.S. tax law, including       the successful execution of, the in or expectations relating to            on tax rates, investments funded         Company’s initiatives and plans, the effects of our existing and           by these changes and potential           including the successful expansion any future initiatives, strategies        outcomes and effects of legal            of our Global Coffee Alliance with and plans, as well as trends in or        proceedings. Such statements             Nestlé; our ability to obtain financing expectations regarding our financial      are based on currently available         on acceptable terms; the acceptance results and long-term growth              operating, financial and competitive     of the Company’s products by our model and drivers, the anticipated        information and are subject to           customers, evolving consumer
Information Integrity                        timing and effects of recovery            various risks and uncertainties.         preferences and tastes and changes
these commitments are directly tied to our business. The geographic scope of all data points in the report are tracked against U.S. company- owned operations unless otherwise noted. Starbucks is committed to United Nations Sustainable Development Goals and uses these goals as a lens for our social impact programs and collaborations with others. Based on our stakeholder engagement efforts, we also believe these areas are important to our customers, our partners, non- governmental organizations (NGOs) and investors.
a including ct s ties on vided neering Inc.
of our business, the conversion           Actual future results and trends         in consumer spending behavior; of several market operations to           may differ materially depending on       partner investments, changes in fully licensed models, our plans          a variety of factors, including, but     the availability and cost of labor for streamlining our operations,          not limited to: further spread of        including any union organizing including store openings, closures        COVID-19 and related disruptions to      efforts and our responses to such and changes in store formats and          our business; regulatory measures        efforts; significant increased logistics models, expanding our licensing to        or voluntary actions that may be         costs; inflationary pressures; the Nestlé of our consumer packaged           put in place to limit the spread of      impact of competition; inherent goods and Foodservice businesses          COVID-19, including restrictions         risks of operating a global business; and its effects on our Channel            on business operations or social         the prices and availability of coffee, Development segment results, tax          distancing requirements, and             dairy and other raw materials; the rates, business opportunities and         the duration and efficacy of             effect of legal proceedings; and the expansion, strategic acquisitions, our    such restrictions; the potential         effects of changes in tax laws and future relationship with Starbucks        for a resurgence of COVID-19             related guidance and regulations Coffee Korea Co., Ltd., expenses,         infections and the circulation of        that may be implemented and other dividends, share repurchases,             novel variants of COVID-19 in a          risks detailed in the company filings commodity costs and our mitigation        given geographic region after it         with the Securities and Exchange
Reporting Year                                       Forward-Looking Statements                   strategies, liquidity, cash flow          has hit its “peak”; fluctuations in      Commission, including in the “Risk
Starbucks fiscal year 2021 or “FY21” is September 28, 2020 through October 3, 2021, unless otherwise noted. Currency All references to currency are in U.S. dollars, unless otherwise noted.
nts can be identified by             program, repatriation of cash to the      commitments; potential negative          subsequent filings. The company U.S., the likelihood of the issuance of   effects of incidents involving food or   assumes no obligation to update any ue,”         additional debt and the applicable        beverage-borne illnesses, tampering,     of these forward-looking statements.
Our reporting on global                     from operations, use of cash and          U.S. and international economies         Factors” and “Management’s responsibility for fiscal 2021              cash requirements, investments,           and currencies; our ability to           Discussion and Analysis of Financial includes “forward-looking”                  borrowing capacity and use of             preserve, grow and leverage our          Condition and Results of Operations” statements within the meaning               proceeds, continuing compliance           brands; the ability of our business      sections of the Company’s most of the applicable securities laws           with our covenants under our credit       partners and third-party providers       recently filed periodic reports on and regulations. Generally, these           facilities and commercial paper           to fulfill their responsibilities and    Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “feel,”       interest rate, the continuing impact      adulteration, contamination or “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “outlook,”      of the COVID-19 pandemic on our           mislabeling; potential negative Stay Up-to-Date “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,”   financial results, future availability    effects of material breaches of our of governmental subsidies for             information technology systems           Follow @starbucksnews on Twitter “seek,” “should,” “will,” “would,” and for the latest information. similar expressions intended to


© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved. S TARBUCK S 202 1 G LOBAL ENVIRONMEN TAL & S O CIAL IMPAC T REP OR T




Supporting Documents
T 20 21   REPORT 2




02 R 2021 REPO




& Data Tables
1R




EPORT 202 T OR




1 EP                    RE R   POR T 2021




49 56 60 64
ing
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   49




Supporting Documents & Data Tables




GOALS SCORECARD
21 REPORT 20                2 T




02 R 2021 REPO




Here’s a snapshot of our People and Planet goals and progress for FY21.
1R EPORT 202




T OR




1 EP                    RE R   POR T 2021




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report        50




Goals Scorecard P E O P L E Opportunity

G O A L
U L T 						                                          				                                      NOTES

 nroll 100,000 learners – partners, E customers and communities – in a To Be Welcoming course
er 87,000 course enrollments in To Be Welcoming courses globally and nearly 37,000 course                   The geographic scope of this data point includes
all company-owned and operated markets globally.

Graduate 25,000 Starbucks partners from Arizona State University (ASU) by the end of 2025
ee in FY21 through the Starbucks College Achievement Plan.

Committed to 100% ethically sourced coffee in partnership with Conservation International
thically sourced and verified through C.A.F.E. Practices, down from by COVID-19. Auditors were unable to complete all necessary farm audits.

Committed to 100% ethically sourced tea and cocoa
ea & Cocoa sourcing team was verified as responsibly sourced.         More on Cargill’s approach to Cocoa kilograms of segregated cocoa beans were purchased from the Ivory Coast through our Tier 1         procurement can be found here.

supplier, Cargill.




Inclusion

G O A L
U L T 						                                          				                                      NOTES

At least 40% BIPOC representation and 55% women in all retail roles, by 2025 in the U.S. At least 30% BIPOC representation and 50% women for all enterprise roles, including senior leadership, by 2025 in the U.S.
Native and 0.5% Native Hawiian or other Pacific Islander           section have been rounded. POC
More information on our Workforce Diversity Data is available here. Within BIPOC representation: 8% of partners identify as Black; 29% Hispanic or Latinx; 6% Asian; 5%           Demographic percentages represented in this

At least 40% BIPOC representation and 30% women in all manufacturing roles by 2025 in the U.S.

100% gender and racial pay equity in the U.S.
equity for women and men and people of all races
performing similar work in the U.S.

100% gender pay equity globally in company- owned markets
ay equity for women and men performing similar work               In FY20, our licensed partners in Singapore, any-operated markets Canada and Great Britain.                                                  the Philippines and India also achieved 100%
pay equity for women and men. In FY21, eight additional markets in Asia-Pacific and the Hong Kong Support Center achieved 100% gender pay equity.



© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report       51




Goals Scorecard P E O P L E Inclusion

G O A L
U L T 						                                           				                                      NOTES

Hire 5,000 Veterans and Military Spouses in the U.S. annually
and military spouses across Starbucks roles in the U.S.

Hire 10,000 Refugees globally by 2022
who self-identified as refugees in the U.S., Canada and EMEA.            The geographic scope of this data point includes
2,959 refugees hired in the U.S., Canada and EMEA to date.                                                     globally company-owned and operated markets and licensed markets in EMEA.




Community

G O A L
U L T 						                                           				                                      NOTES

Open 100 social-impact-designed Community Stores by the end of 2025 in the U.S.
re in the U.S.
The geographic scope of this data point includes company-owned and operated markets in the U.S. and licensed markets in Asia-Pacific.

Open 200 Military Family Stores by 2022 in the U.S.

Reinvest $100 million into hunger relief efforts in the U.S. by 2030
nation program is available at 100% of company operated               The geographic scope of this data point includes a. In FY21, 10.4 million meals were donated in the U.S. and 1.2 million meals      all company-owned and operated stores in the
U.S. and Canada. were donated in Canada.

Increase annual spend with diverse suppliers to $1.5 billion by 2030
diverse suppliers.                                               The geographic scope of this data point includes
all company-owned and operated stores in the U.S. and Canada.

Goal announced in 2022.

Invest total $100 million in the Community Resillience Fund by 2025
Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs) es.

Empower 250,000 women and girls in coffee, tea and cocoa growing communities by 2025
lp communities break down barriers to education,                    The geographic scope of this data point e (WASH) and create economic opportunities for women                 includes all company-owned and operated
markets globally. and girls. We met this goal in early FY22, and expanded our commitment to reach 1 million women and girls in coffee- and tea-growing frontline communities across Africa, Asia and Latin America.




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report          52




Goals Scorecard P L A N E T 2030 Targets

G O A L
U L T 						                                          				                                    NOTES

Starbucks commits to reduce absolute scope 1, scope 2 and scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions by 50% by FY30 from a FY19 base year
his stage in our journey towards significant reductions
sed on identifying and testing innovative solutions perations and engaging with our value chain while improving our
measurement systems.

In March 2021, Starbucks GHG reduction goal was validated as science-based by the SBTi, which confirmed our target is aligned with a 1.5 degree Celsius pathway.

Starbucks commits through conservation or replenishment to reduce water withdrawals from direct operations, stores, packaging and our agricultural supply chain by 50% by FY30 from a FY19 base year
rawals decreased in FY21 because of shifts in agricultural omer preferences, continued impacts from COVID-19,
In August 2021, we announced an expanded water target increasing the projected water conserved or replenished and catalyzing holistic watershed health improvements in high risk basins.

Starbucks commits to reduce waste sent to landfill from stores (including packaging that leaves stores) and direct operations by 50% by FY30 from a FY19 base year
able, recyclable or compostable.
our waste target as two metrics: Starbucks diverted 32% of
To improve measurement and align to industry standards, our methodology for calculating waste diversion and packaging was updated. We are reviewing our target going forward.




Strategies for Change

G O A L
U L T 						                                          				                                    NOTES

10,000 Greener Stores globally by 2025
tified Greener Stores mainly in the U.S. and Canada, representing    SCS Global Services completed the verification
an approximately 20% increase over FY20.                                                                    of Starbucks Greener Stores program for FY21.


Starbucks began expanding our Green Stores framework globally. Certifying our first Greener Store outside of North America in Shanghai, China.

100% renewable energy for global operation by 2020
mpany-operated locations globally with market nts in China and Japan limiting our ability to meet this goal globally.
As members of the RE100, we remain committed to reaching 100% renewable energy in our global company operations.




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report       53




Goals Scorecard P L A N E T Strategies for Change

G O A L
U L T 						                                             				                                      NOTES

Eliminate plastic straws globally by end of 2021
stic straws. This effort does not deter our commitment
ludes
to accessibility and our responsibility to provide plastic straws for customers who require them to enjoy        all markets globally.

their favorite beverage.

We are using various alternatives to traditional plastic straws globally, including PLA or PHA materials straws, and have reduced the need for straws in cold beverages through strawless lids.

Double the use of reusable cups from 2016- 2022
able cups, either a customer’s personal cup, “for here” ware, “borrow a cup” in company operated stores globally.
Due to COVID-19 safety measures reusable cups options were paused in the U.S. until June 2021, which decreased this rate. Other markets also had pauses or limitations related to Covid-19 safety measures.

20% recycled content in our hot cups by 2022
(PCR) fiber. We will be launching a new hot cup with
increased PCR fiber before the end of 2022.

100% compostable and recyclable hot cups developed by 2022
op compostable and recyclable hot cups in collaboration with rs and the NextGen Consortium.
In FY21 and FY22, to date seven new markets have joined the list of major markets where Starbucks hot cups are recyclable: Lansing, Mich.; Athens and Clark County, Ga.; Atlanta and Dekalb County, Ga.; Detroit; Madison; Chicago; and Cincinnati. They join 15 other major markets: Seattle; Washington, DC; Denver; New York City; San Francisco; Boston; Louisville, Ky.; Dallas; Chattanooga, Tenn.; Kent County, Mich.; Sioux Falls, S.D.; St. Lucile County, Fla.; Vancouver and province of British Columbia; London; and Amsterdam.




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   54




Goals Scorecard P L A N E T

1 R E S U L T 						                                             				                                NOTES

astic straws globally from our retail stores.

trials to engage customers with reusable cups in new ways.

le, recyclable or compostable.

ll plastic packaging.

aging compared to FY19.





1 R E S U L T 						                                             				                                NOTES

rbucks is working to determine the baseline for this goal and
appropriate measurement processes.

o-wet water mills for separating coffee fruit from coffee beans, saving of water where installed.

nt trees distributed globally.




1
represents packaging from direct ucks branded packaging not sold in our f our stores is part of a licensed model our global ready-to-drink businesses psiCo and others. The Starbucks iness partners are part of their




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report       55




Goals Scorecard P L A N E T Animal Welfare

G O A L
U L T 						                                        				                                     NOTES

Phase out the excessive use of gestation stalls for mother pigs (sows) in our supply chain by 2030
” as a as a requirement of our pork suppliers in “group-housed” pork supply in 2024. We expect to
cludes the strate meaningful progress towards this goal in 2023. Group housing will significantly reduce a
U.S. and Canada. sow’s time in a gestation stall.




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report    56




Supporting Documents & Data Tables

21 REPORT 20                    2 T




02 R 2021 REPO




PLANET POSITIVE PERFORMANCE
1R 1,2,3




EPORT 202 T OR




The following metrics represent detailed reporting of Starbucks environmental performance in FY19, the baseline year for our 2030 environmental targets, and FY21. We made significant updates to our inventory methodologies this year and rebaselined FY19 results, which will differ from the FY19 data previously reported. We did not update our FY20 calculations because reduced business activity in FY20 from COVID-19 make this year difficult to use for comparisons.4 In FY21, we were not expecting significant reductions in our environmental impacts and progress towards our 2030 targets as we are focused on identifying and testing innovative solutions that we can scale across our global operations and we are committed to enhancing measurement systems and coordination across Starbucks and our value chain.
1 P        E                RE POR 21 R T 20

1 2 3 4
e noted. Direct operations refers to an operational control boundary, inclusive of facturing and distribution facilities. This includes global wholly-owned and has management and operational control. Direct operations excludes licensed stores. p our environmental inventories. These updates including improved data quality factors, and other methodological changes. These changes are reflected consistently scal year. In some cases, for example utility bills, the data aligns to the nearest month ates. able in Starbucks FY20 Global Environmental and Social Impact Report Supplement




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report        57




Planet Positive Performance E N E R G Y C O N S U M P T I O N (MWh)

Total Energy Consumption, direct operations5
total fuel consumed in FY21 equals 2,296,223 GJ.
I n gigajoules, total energy consumption in FY21 equals 9,478,801 GJ,

G R E E N H O U S E G A S E M I S S I O N S 8 Scope 1
66%
6 A methodology change was made in FY19 and FY21 inventories to update estimates and emission factors resulting more scope 2 622,480        614,057          market-based emission than previously reported for FY19. This also impacted the percent of electricity sourced from renewables. 7 Fuel use includes natural gas, propane, aviation fuel and vehicle fuel. Starbucks presents greenhouse gas emissions in accordance with the GHG Protocol and uses global warming potential values from 349,178        372,020          the IPCC Fourth Assessment.

Scope 2 Scope 310 1 2 3 4
40        923,483 coffee, tea, cocoa and dairy. LUC is defined as a change from year, country-level LUC over 20-year intervals, including primary 211,674          and soil erosion and degradation. LUC numbers were assumed guidance becomes available.
9 FY21 data has been third-party verified by Burns and McDonnell. Their report is available at the end of this report. 396,487        474,774 10 Scope 3 emissions utilize location-based values 11 Category 1 emissions includes land use change (LUC) for purchases one land-use category to another as a result of human activity. We use the Quantis LUC methodology, which accounts for year-to- and secondary forest loss; peatland drainage and degradation; to stay constant from FY20, as we plan to update our calculation methodologies for these emissions for our next reporting cycle as

5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 Total emissions (scope 1 + 2 market-based + 3) Percent reduction of total emissions from FY19 baseline
rchases18 urchases19   16%
12 3,766             moved purchases made by licensees for key commodities to 619,526 ulated. 15 78,339       16 licensed stores’ in category 14, instead of category 3 as in prior years. The select scope 3 emissions include the emissions from 143,350        1,144,133 3,859,078   17 include operational emissions from two joint ventures: (1) North om FY20 to FY21, we also updated our
Category 1 emissions include the emissions from the purchased goods and services made by Starbucks Corporation. We have category 14 as recommended by the GHG Protocol. 13 Starbucks does not have significant upstream leased assets. 14 Downstream transportation impacts are minimal and not Starbucks does not act as a lessor. A methodology change was made in the FY19 and FY21 inventories to include the scope 1, 2 and select scope 3 emissions of our global these licensed stores’ purchases of food, beverage ingredients, and 3,330,106      2,308,317         packaging not purchased through Starbucks Corporation as these are covered in category 1. Due to data availability, purchases by Licensed Stores are often estimated. A  methodology change was made in the FY19 and FY21 inventories American Coffee Partnership, a joint venture with Pepsi, and (2) methodology for estimating emissions from our investment in the Valor Siren Venture Fund.

© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report      58




Planet Positive Performance W A T E R W I T H D R A W A L S (megaliters)

Total water withdrawal
3,845,353
Total GHG emissions from fluid dairy purchases is inclusive of fluid 18


22,996           24,177        dairy categorized in scope 3 category 1 and category 14, and include estimated LUC associated with these purchases. Total GHG emissions from gree coffee purchases is inclusive of 19

Percent reduction of total water withdrawal from FY19 baseline
urchased23
stimated by applying an average water withdrawal
9,737            13,271        estimated LUC associated with these purchases included in scope 3 category 1. 20 Water withdrawal from stores includes both primary and 4,273,638        3,807,905         estimated data. Where primary data is not available, water factor derived from U.S. and Canada company-owned stores.

Starbucks withdraws water strictly from local water utilities or 21

O P E R A T I O N A L W A S T E (thousand metric tons)24
similar relevant entities, and as such all of our water withdrawals are categorized as sourced from third-party water.

Total weight of non-hazardous operational waste
risk basins refers to water withdrawals from facilities located
22

55%
in regions of high or extremely-high baseline water stress as 854              901           defined by WRI Aqueduct tool, which was used to conduct this assessment. Water withdrawal from packaging and agricultural commodities 23

Food Lifecycle Database (WFLDB). Reporting of this category aligns 56%
27%              34%           is estimated using country-level or regional data from the World with our GHG inventory, scope 3, category 1. A methodology change was made in the FY19 and FY21 inventories 24

Percent total non-hazardous operational waste, diverted26
24%           to update operational waste values and classifications to be stablished in FY21. We are not reporting on waste
consistent with internal data tracking and estimation methodology discarded by customers out of stores and instead have expanded our reporting of packaging materials.

Reporting of this category aligns with the GHG inventory, scope 3, 25

category 5.

We measure diversion as waste materials recycled, composted, 26

donated, or sold to be processed int cattle feed. Diversion does not include materials sent to landfill, incineration (with or without energy recovery) or liquid waste sent down the drain (excludes water).

Licensed store non-hazardous waste is estimated based on 27

company-owned store information. This does not include construction & demolition waste. Reporting of this category aligns with the GHG inventory, scope 3, category 14.




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report         59




Planet Positive Performance P A C K A G I N G M A T E R I A L S 28 (thousand metric tons)

Total weight of packaging material29 Corporation Indirect: total weight of packaging materials purchased by licensees for Starbucks retail operations31 Total weight of plastic packaging materials32
le materials usable rials from FY19 baseline yclable or compostable33   19.4% our plastic packaging
277      28 ed stores and all other packaging materials purchased by ness partners for use in products they sell with our brand on ng boundaries. Starbucks branded products businesses operate under collaborative relationships with PepsiCo Development business partners are part of their commitments and
D  ata represents packaging materials used in our direct operations Starbucks Corporation. Packaging materials purchased by channel it and not sold in a Starbucks retail store is excluded. This aligns 187           194 with our GHG Inventory and Ellen MacArthur Foundation Global 94            83            sold outside of our stores is part of a licensed model of the Global Coffee Alliance with Nestlé, while our global ready-to-drink and others. The Starbucks branded packaging used by Channel 29  ata represents paper and plastic packaging materials, our most D significant sources of packaging materials. R  eporting of this category aligns with packaging materials reported in the GHG inventory under scope 3, category 1. 31 R  eporting of this category aligns with packaging materials reported in the GHG inventory under scope 3, category 14. 32 F Y19 inventory has been recalculated to align to methodology changes made as part of the FY21 inventory. These results may differ from what has been previously submitted to Ellen MacArthur Foundation Global Commitment and WWF ReSource Plastic and we anticipate restating these baselines in our 2022 reporting to these organizations. 33 I n assessing the recyclability of our portfolio Starbucks has aligned with the New Plastics Economy 2022 Recycling Rate Survey results.




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report      60




Supporting Documents & Data Tables




S U S TA I N A BI L I T Y AC C O U N T I N G S TA N DA R D S BOA R D R EP O R T IN G
21 REPORT 20                    2 T




02 R 2021 REPO




1R EPORT 202 T OR




1 P        E                RE POR 21 R     T 20




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   61




SASB Reporting T O P I C & A C C O U N T I N G M E T R I C
TARBUCKS RE SP ONSE

Energy Management (1) Total energy consumed, (2) percentage grid electricity, (3) percentage renewable
ct Report narrative, page 35.
See Planet Positive Performance, page 61. Additional information is available in our CDP Climate Change response.



Water Management (1) Total water withdrawn, (2) total water consumed, percentage of each in regions with High or Extremely High Baseline Water Stress
ct Report narrative, page 36.
See Planet Positive Performance, page 56. Additional information is available in our CDP Water Stewardship response. Total volume of water consumption is not monitored as we do not typically have discharge meters in our stores and do not track how much water goes into beverages. Therefore, we are disclosing on water withdrawn from regions with high or extremely baseline water stress.



Food & Packaging Waste Management (1) Total amount of waste, (2) percentage food waste, and (3) percentage diverted (1) Total weight of packaging, (2) percentage made from recycled and/or renewable materials, and (3) percentage that is recyclable, reusable, and/or compostable
See FY21 Global Environmental & Social Impact Report narrative, page 36. See Planet Positive Performance, page 56. Additional information about our packaging is available via our reporting to WWF ReSource and the Ellen MacArthur Foundation Global commitment.



Food Safety (1) Percentage of restaurants inspected by a food safety oversight body, (2) percentage receiving critical violations (1) Number of recalls issued and (2) total amount of food product recalled Number of confirmed foodborne illness outbreaks, percentage resulting in U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) investigation
and safety of our customers on channels on product-related y information.
and partners. We regularly audit and review product quality and food safety practices. We validate our policies and procedures to ensure they are effective and up to date. We actively communicate with our partners and customers




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   62




SASB Reporting T O P I C & A C C O U N T I N G M E T R I C
TARBUCKS RE SP ONSE

Nutritional Content (1) Percentage of meal options consistent with national dietary guidelines and (2) revenue from these options (1) Percentage of children’s meal options consistent with national dietary guidelines for children and (2) revenue from these options Number of advertising impressions made on children, percentage promoting products that meet national dietary guidelines for children
to ingredients, calories and other OPPA). nformation is available in Starbucks Global Human Rights Statement.
nutritional information. Additional information is available on starbucks.com. Starbucks reviews our marketing and advertising for compliance with all applicable laws, including the Federal Trade Commission’s Truthin-Advertising standards. We also design our digital content to be compliant with the



Labor Practices (1) Voluntary and (2) involuntary turnover rate for restaurant employees (1) Average hourly wage, by region and (2) percentage of restaurant employees earning minimum wage, by region
of choice and maintaining the kforce data for the U.S. business. Additional information is
strength of our workforce. Starbucks makes available online our Commitment to available on Human Capital Management in our Form 10-K Filing (on pages 2-4).

Number of advertising impressions made on children, percentage promoting products that meet national dietary guidelines for children
e minimum wage. Additional about Starbucks labor practices is available at Starbucks
Commitment to Partners.



Supply Chain Management & Food Sourcing Percentage of food purchased that (1) meets environmental and social sourcing standards and (2) is certified to third-party environmental and/or social standards Percentage of (1) eggs that originated from a cage-free environment and (2) pork that was produced without the use of gestation crates Discussion of strategy to manage environmental and social risks within the supply chain, including animal welfare
lobal Human Rights Statement, Our n.
Starbucks ethical sourcing approach integrates social and environmental standards and is an expectation for suppliers and business partners. Additional See FY21 Global Environmental & Social Impact Report narrative, page 39.




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   63




SASB Reporting T O P I C & A C C O U N T I N G M E T R I C
KS RE SP ONSE

Activity Metrics Number of (1) company-owned and (2) franchise restaurants Number of employees at (1) company-owned and (2) franchise locations
2021, Starbucks operated 17,133 Company-Operated and
16,700 Licensed locations. Additional information is available in the Starbucks As of October 3, 2021, Starbucks employed approximately 383,000 people worldwide. Additional information is available in the Starbucks Fiscal 2021 Annual Report, page 8.




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report   64




Supporting Documents & Data Tables


21   REPORT 20                2 T




02 R 2021 REPO




HUMAN RIGHTS
1R EPORT 202




T OR




Starbucks reports its most recent fiscal year performance to demonstrate its commitment to fundamental human rights and reporting continuous improvement transparently. As we continue to mature our internal data management systems, we intend to share more information about our human rights performance in future reports.
1 EP                    RE R   POR T 2021




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved.
Global Environmental & Social Impact Report        65




Human Rights Coffee

Z E R O - T O L E R A N C E I N D I C A T O R S
F TOTAL NONCONFOR MITIE S

Nonconformities related to wage practices Nonconformities related to traceability requirements Nonconformities related to child labor Nonconformities related to labor intermediaries Nonconformities related to transparency requirements Nonconformities related to banned pesticides3 Nonconformities related to forced labor, abuse, or unethical recruitment practices
54.4% are required to pledge compliance with our Supplier 15.5%                          Code of Conduct. Our flagship ethical sourcing program, 3.7% 2.4%                           We also monitor all facilities in our first-tier, manufactured
All suppliers from which we purchase a product or service based on the Coffee and Farmer Equity (C.A.F.E.) Practices standard, is dedicated to monitoring 100 percent of our C.A.F.E.-approved, coffee supply chains, which today 8                                        2.7% represents more than 400,000 farms around the world.1 goods supply chain. 6                                        2.0%                           A nonconformity is a breach of any one of Starbucks zero-tolerance indicators. Multiple nonconformities could 296                                      100%                           be identified in a single location. In FY21, we verified or audited 525 coffee supply chains and identified 296 zero- tolerance nonconformities in 88 supply chains.2 For each zero tolerance non-conformity brought to our attention
Manufactured Goods                                                                                                                  through C.A.F.E. Practices, we swiftly addressed them by
Z E R O - T O L E R A N C E I N D I C A T O R S Nonconformities related to wage practices Nonconformities related to transparency requirements Access denial into facilities for audits and inspections Health and safety, including direct and immediate endangerment
F TOTAL NONCONFOR MITIE S 63.3%
working closely with our suppliers and our on-the-ground, third-party partners to pursue corrective actions, including, where appropriate, providing remedy for the impacted individuals. For manufactured goods, we assessed 213 manufactured goods facilities and identified 30 zero- 5                                        16.7% tolerance nonconformities in 10 facilities. A “coffee supply chain” is a network of farms, mills, and warehouses. 1 We work with more than 1,100 coffee supply chains, which are 2                                        6.7% made up of more than 400,000 individual farms.

Environmental impact
3.3%                            All coffee supply chains are verified or audited at regular intervals
2

Forced labor Child labor Abuse and harassment
3.3%                            provided by SCS Global Services that includes additional audits. 0.0%                            While exceptions exist, as a general rule, we verify or audit all 0.0%                            Returning or reverifying coffee supply chains are generally verified
by approved, verification organizations and with oversight new supply chains and large-scale supply chains every year. approximately every two years. 30                                       100% Includes pesticides classified as Type 1a or 1b by the World Health 3

Organization.




© 2022 Starbucks Corporation. All rights reserved. Independent Accountant’s Report To the Stakeholders of Starbucks Coffee Company

We have examined the data identified below (the Data) contained within the Starbucks Coffee Company’s Global Environmental and Social Impact Report (the Report) for the fiscal year ended October 3, 2021. Starbucks Coffee Company’s management is responsible for the Data. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Data listed below based on our examination:

   
d in the Coffee and Farmer Equity (C.A.F.E) in the Responsible Sourcing for Tea section on chased from Cargill as contained in the lion as contained in the Global Farmer Fund
of the Report;

The criteria used to evaluate the Data are contained in the respective sections of the Report indicated above.

Our examination was conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Those standards require that we plan and perform the examination to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Data is in accordance with the criteria, in all material respects. An examination involves performing procedures to obtain evidence about the Data. Those procedures are described in more detail in the paragraph below. The nature, timing, and extent of the procedures selected depend on our judgment, including an assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the Data, whether due to fraud or error. We believe that the evidence we obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Our evidence-gathering procedures included, among other activities, the following:

     
g system used to collect and compile information on to validate the Data, through communications with data collection and reporting; ate policies, management and reporting ion and systems used to collect, analyze and irmations and reports.
s in Lausanne, Switzerland, and Corporate and

In our opinion, the Data for the fiscal year ended October 3, 2021, is presented in accordance with the criteria indicated above, in all material respects.


Seattle, Washington April 22, 2022 Memorandum

Date:

To:
Starbucks Coffee Company

From:

Subject:
ntory and Water Withdrawals

Burns & McDonnell Engineering Company, Inc. (Burns & McDonnell) was retained by Starbucks Corporation (Starbucks) to verify and provide a third-party assessment of the 2021 Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions Inventory and Water Withdrawals Inventory for Fiscal Year (FY) 2021. The purpose of assessment was to verify that the FY2021 GHG Emissions Inventory and Water Withdrawals Inventory represents a reasonable and accurate account of Starbuck’s GHG emissions and water withdrawals.

Greenhouse Gas Emissions Inventory Burns & McDonnell reviewed Scope 1, Scope 2, and Scope 3 GHG emissions as presented in the “FY21 SBUX GHG Scope 1, 2, Operational Water Inventory” and “FY21 SBUX GHG Scope 3 & Indirect Water Inventory” excel workbooks for the fiscal period September 28, 2020 through October 3, 2021. The GHG emissions data included in the emissions inventory that were subject to review consisted of the following for each Scope:

Scope 1 GHG Emissions:
s, roasting)

Scope 2 GHG Emissions:
cation based)

Scope 3 GHG Emissions: Memorandum (continued)
ution

April 29, 2022 Page 2


oducts

It should be noted that this inventory is based on the Fourth Assessment Report (AR4) Global Warming Potential Values developed by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Fifth Assessment Report.

The GHG inventory assurance review was conducted in accordance with the ISO 14046-3 Standard and World Resources Institute GHG Protocol based on evidence of the reliability of the procedures undertaken to develop the GHG Emissions Footprint. To the best of our knowledge, Burns & McDonnell has found with moderate assurance that Starbucks has satisfactorily compiled a reasonable and fair account of their GHG emissions for FY 2021.

Water Withdrawals Inventory In order to complete this moderate assurance of Starbucks’ FY2021 Water Withdrawals Inventory, Burns & McDonnell utilized the AA1000AS Quality Assurance Standard and obtained, analyzed and verified data related to water withdrawals as described below. This included:
activities for the purposes of verifying the ls potentially omitted from the FY2021 ed to gather data for and develop the wals Inventory report and electronic
the overall inventory accuracy ter withdrawals

Statement of Independence

This verification and third-party assessment was performed with no conflicts of interest in relation to providing the assurance of the FY2021 Greenhouse Gas Inventory and Water Withdrawals Inventory for Starbucks.
