







S TA




ENVIR








ON







A MESSAGE FROM KEVIN JOHNSON


RE FLECTI NG ON OUR 20 20 PROGRESS Dear Starbucks partners, customers and stakeholders:

As a company grounded in a mission to inspire and nurture the human spirit, Starbucks has always looked to make positive connections and impact on people and communities around the world. So, 20 years ago, we made a commitment to report transparently and regularly about our efforts to improve economic conditions for coffee farmers, minimize our environmental footprint, make positive contributions to the communities we serve, and create a culture of inclusion, belonging and opportunity for all Starbucks partners (employees).
nclusion and diversity goals and ommitments; we committed o invest $100 million to support mall businesses and community development projects in Black, ndigenous and People of Color (BIPOC) neighborhoods; we added nother $50 million to our global coffee farmer fund; and we’re oing more each day.

e have a unique opportunity at Starbucks to use our reach nd scale to create a better society in many ways, big and small. have immense gratitude and pride for all Starbucks partners ho have worked together through this historic time in service f their communities, creating a third place where we can all find ommunity, acceptance and a sense of belonging.

In this FY20 report, you’ll see that even through a historic global pandemic, we remained steadfast in our commitment to people and to the planet. Our goal to make a positive impact on the lives of partners and customers and to give more than we take from the planet is central to the work we do. I’m tremendously proud of all Starbucks partners who prioritized the health and safety of people and showed up for their communities as we navigated COVID-19 together.
and ceo
ow, meeting the ambitious targets set out in this report will ake time … and Starbucks is wholeheartedly committed to these nvironmental and social goals for the long term. They are core to

By being intentional, transparent and accountable, we are committed to making lasting progress in being a people, planet and profit positive company. Accordingly, you will see that we have added additional rigor to this work by providing data consistent with the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) reporting standards.




© 2021 Starbucks Corporation.
2020 Global Environmental & Social Impact Report | 2 K   S 2020 UC                      RE B




P R




OR S TA




T PAC T ENVIR S TA R B U C K S




IM



ON M




L EN                       I    A TA L & S         OC

ndemic, our Starbucks partners, customers and




lient and inspiring in the face of unprecedented in FY20 and FY21 to date have been guided by ished toward the beginning of the pandemic, updates on our pandemic-related efforts here.



2                                   3

d   Playing a constructive role         Showing up in positive and in supporting health and            responsible ways to serve government officials as they        our communities.
work to mitigate the spread of the virus.




e have reimagined the third place. One which connection, evolved to meet our customers we can all find community and acceptance. ion. Inclusion in every way. We are, most moment.”




© 2021 Starbucks Corporation. P R O G R E S S : F Y 2 0 A N D F Y 2 1 T O D AT E
2020 Global Environmental & Social Impact Report | 3


NAVI GATI NG A GLO BAL PANDEMIC 1 2
bust government scalable modeling and human-centered design as part of the Washington State Vaccine Action Command and Coordination System Center, a public-private effort to accelerate safe that can be replicated in other communities. The Starbucks Foundation also made a founding donation to the All In WA initiative to support equitable vaccine access, education and outreach in disproportionately impacted communities. 3   Showing up in positive and responsible ways to serve our communities. With the onset of COVID-19, our partners in Asia led the way last spring in organizing food and coffee donations to hospitals, nonprofits, local police, health officials and other front-line workers, as well as coffee farmers. Our partners around the world echoed these demonstrations of gratitude. Since the start of the pandemic, Starbucks has provided front-line workers in the U.S. with more than 4.2 million free cups of coffee, along with thousands of Starbucks gift cards wing food food banks. Support of partners during COVID-19 has also taken the form of community service, and despite social-distancing challenges, more than 11,000 of our U.S. partners reported
Feeding America. rganizations in the U.S. and es in FY20.
relief legislation. In our home state of Washington, we’re sharing our company’s expertise in operational efficiency, and equitable vaccine access for all Washingtonians in ways and K-Cup® pod pallets for hospitals. Starbucks launched a Canada to provide unsold or excess food and drinks to local




© 2021 Starbucks Corporation. T H E S TA R B U C K S F O U N D AT I O N
2020 Global Environmental & Social Impact Report | 4


STRE NGTH ENI NG COMMUNITIES WORLDWIDE Established in 1997, The Starbucks Foundation is a U.S. 501(c)(3) charitable organization under U.S. law, and receives funding primarily from Starbucks Corporation. The Starbucks Foundation is committed to strengthening humanity by uplifting communities.

It provided over $17 million in grants in FY20 to nonprofit organizations in our hometown of Seattle, and in neighborhoods and coffee- and tea-growing communities around the world.

More than $10 million in Foundation grants supported local and global COVID-19 initiatives. Global community response efforts included contributions to the United Nations Foundation’s COVID-19 Solidarity Response Fund to support the World Health Organization and programs to promote COVID-19 prevention and community resilience in China. The Foundation also supported COVID-19 prevention awareness and extended urgently needed direct support across coffee- and tea-growing communities in Indonesia, Colombia, Guatemala, India and Ethiopia, reaching more than 230,000 people in less than a year. In the U.S., the Foundation’s support included extending hunger relief and other emergency assistance to vulnerable communities and supporting our front-line responders. In addition, The Starbucks Foundation offered existing grantees flexibility to repurpose previous grant funding to respond to COVID-19.

The Foundation’s Neighborhood Grants initiative, which invites nominations from Starbucks partners, continued to help build sustained local impact and inspire increased partner volunteerism with local nonprofit organizations. Since September 2019, more than 8,000 Starbucks partners have participated, resulting in Neighborhood Grants to nearly 2,000 organizations across the U.S. and Canada totaling nearly $4 million. This included more than $ 1 million in grants to more than 400 local organizations to support COVID-19 community response. In addition, the Foundation awarded $1.5 million in Neighborhood Grants to promote racial equity and create more inclusive communities with support to more than 400 organizations that are Black-led and/or serve Black and Indigenous communities. In FY20, the Foundation also supported emergency preparedness, response and resilience for disasters such as the Australian wildfires, the major port explosion in Beirut, and hurricanes and wildfires in the U.S.
n breaking down barriers to education;
In early FY21, the Foundation committed to invest $5 million in nonprofits that serve BIPOC youth and then announced the first group of grant recipients: Big Brothers Big Sisters of America, Boys & Girls Clubs of America, City Year, Junior Achievement USA and The National Mentoring Partnership (MENTOR). In March 2021, the Foundation announced it is halfway to its promoting clean water, sanitation and hygiene; and creating economic opportunities for women and girls.




© 2021 Starbucks Corporation.
2020 Global Environmental & Social Impact Report | 5 K   S 2020 UC                      RE B




P R




OR S TA




T PAC T ENVIR S TA R B U C K S




L A N E T
IM



ON M




L EN                        I    A TA L & S          OC

to inspire and nurture the human spirit, Starbucks has




to make positive connections and impacts on people and ound the world.



PLANET                             COFFEE

is to be people   Our vision for the future is       Coffee is at our core. We




esting in          to become resource positive —      are committed to sourcing he well-being      giving back more than we take      coffee responsibly, for the connect with,     from the planet. And we know       betterment of people and ers to coffee      we can’t do it alone. It takes     planet, so we can ensure a customers in      all of us.                         sustainable future of coffee. beyond.




ever, our purpose goes beyond profit.




© 2021 Starbucks Corporation. IMPAC T S UMM ARY
2020 Global Environmental & Social Impact Report | 6


PEO PLE Our aspiration is to be people positive — investing in humanity and the well-being of everyone we connect with, from our partners to coffee farmers to the customers in our stores and beyond.



F Y 20 P R O G R E S S : O U R PA R TN E R S


A DVA N C I N G R AC I A L A N D S O C I A L E Q U IT Y

An Update on Our Progress Goal: Advance racial and social equity on behalf of our partners, our customers and our communities.

Since the beginning, Starbucks has set out to be a different kind of company rooted in providing a third place where everyone is welcomed and respected.

Each day we reaffirm our responsibility to one another — to care for each other, to strengthen our communities and to ensure diverse perspectives are represented at the company’s highest levels. We are committed to furthering that work with intention, with transparency and with accountability. Some of those commitments in FY20 included:

•C  ommissioning our second Civil Rights Assessment, conducted by Covington & Burling LLP under the leadership of former U.S. Attorney General, Eric Holder, Jr. • L aunching a mentorship program to connect BIPOC partners to one sessions between mentors and mentees, mentorship circles • L aunching an internal series of courageous conversations to create a safe space for bold discussions addressing difficult

• I nvesting in strategic partnerships with professional organizations who focus on the development of BIPOC talent,

•C  onnecting inclusive and diverse team building to our executive compensation program. •P  roviding more transparency on our current workforce diversity.
a journey. Our partners, our customers and
the communities we serve ground us in an open dialogue and a




© 2021 Starbucks Corporation. IMPAC T S UMM ARY
2020 Global Environmental & Social Impact Report | 7


PEO PLE F Y 20 P R O G R E S S : O U R PA R TN E R S


C U LT U R E O F I N C L U S I O N

Human Rights Campaign’s Corporate Equality Index: 100% Goal: Continue to be a top employer for LGBTQIA2+ workplace equality
il roles, by 2025 in the U.S.
oals:

In 2020, for the eighth consecutive year and eleventh year overall, we achieved a 100% rating from the Human Rights Campaign’s Corporate Equality Index based on corporate policies and practices for LGBTQIA2+ equality.
all
enior leadership, by 2025 in the U.S.

C U LT U R E O F I N C L U S I O N Disability Equality Index: 100/100 Goal: Continue to advance disability inclusion in the workplace In 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2019, Starbucks scored 100 out of 100 on the Disability Equality Index (DEI) and was recognized as a “Best Place to Work.” We are a member of Disability:IN’s Inclusion Works program, a national forum for peer institutions to share best and evolving practices on Access and Disability Inclusion. Starbucks Retail Inclusion Academy, operating since 2017, prepares people with disabilities for retail jobs. This work is consistent with our commitment to access and disability inclusion.
to advance inclusion, diversity st 2020, our U.S. partner base
ur approach to hiring, development and advancement of our as 69% female and 47% BIPOC. Within BIPOC representation, ultiracial, 0.6% American Indian or Alaskan Native and 0.6%




© 2021 Starbucks Corporation. IMPAC T S UMM ARY
2020 Global Environmental & Social Impact Report | 8


PEO PLE F Y 20 P R O G R E S S : O U R PA R TN E R S


HIRING COMMITME NTS

5,221 Veterans in FY20, 2,620 Refugees to Date Goals: 1
s:
y Equity in the U.S., y in China, Canada,
stria, Great Britain, Italy and Switzerland

2
.

3 We remain committed to hiring 5,000 military veterans annually and 10,000 refugees globally by 2022. In FY20, we hired 5,221 U.S. veterans and military spouses; we were able to confirm hiring 520 refugees in the U.S., Canada and EMEA, bringing our cumulative total to 2,620. In FY20, we evolved our tracking of Opportunity Youth hiring targets to focus on our diversity goals established in FY20.
ets
arbucks has achieved and maintained 100% pay equity for men and men, and for people of all races performing similar rk in the U.S. In 2018, when we first hit that milestone, we nounced that we are committed to reaching 100% gender uity in pay for all partners in Starbucks company-operated rkets globally. A year later, we reached the goal of gender equity pay in China and Canada, and we maintained that in FY20 while hieving gender equity in pay in other company-owned markets: stria, Great Britain, Italy and Switzerland.

FY20, our licensed partners in Singapore, the Philippines d India announced they had achieved 100% pay equity for men and men. In India, women comprise 29% of the Starbucks rkforce, a key gender diversity milestone toward the goal of % by 2022.




© 2021 Starbucks Corporation. IMPAC T S UMM ARY
2020 Global Environmental & Social Impact Report | 9


PEO PLE F Y 20 P R O G R E S S : O U R PA R TN E R S


TO BE WELCOMING
N E F IT S

54,000+ Enrollments Goal: Continued cultivation of inclusion, diversity and equity awareness
ion part-time retail partners

In FY20, the 15-course To Be Welcoming anti-bias curriculum grew from 5,688 enrollments to 54,740 enrollments. We made the curriculum publicly available and saw high levels of engagement from partners and non-partners, with Starbucks partners comprising 48.5% enrollees and non-partners comprising 51.5% of enrollees.
U.S., eligible he form of
ld and adult back-up care and more.

We also offer the Third Place Development Series, designed to equip store managers and store partners with new tools for reflection and to facilitate discussions about important and challenging topics related to mental health, equity, inclusion and bias. C O L L E G E E D U C AT I O N B E N E F I T 4,500 Graduates Goal: Graduate 25,000 Starbucks partners from Arizona State University (ASU) by the end of 2025
h d
t sessions each year with a mental health therapist or ceiving Starbucks Mental Health Fundamentals nd substance use issues.
 .S. partners and eligible family members now have access to coach through Lyra Health, so they can receive quality care that meets their specific needs.  .S. assistant store managers, store managers and non-retail Training, created in partnership with the National Council for

The Starbucks College Achievement Plan (SCAP) is helping benefits-eligible U.S. partners working part- or full-time complete their education by receiving 100% tuition coverage for a first- time bachelor’s degree through Arizona State University’s online program. As of FY20, nearly 4,500 partners have graduated with degrees since the program began in 2014, and the May 2020 graduating class was the largest ever at 700. More than 14,000 partners across the U.S. participated in ASU’s online degree programs in FY20, and more than 20% of those were first- generation college students.
nternationally, we customize our compensation and benefits ackages to remain responsive to partners’ feedback and ompetitive in the marketplace. In China, for example, Starbucks as been named a top employer by Aon Hewitt.
 artners in the U.S. and Canada can now sign up for a free




© 2021 Starbucks Corporation. IMPAC T S UMM ARY
2020 Global Environmental & Social Impact Report | 10


PEO PLE F Y20 PRO G RES S: OUR STORES


S O C I A L I M P A C T- D E S I G N E D S T O R E S

29 Community Stores, 68 Military Stores, and 9 Signing Stores Goals:
e who serve
Goal: Create connections among partners, communities and

1 2 In FY20, Starbucks increased its commitment in the U.S. to open Community Stores in traditionally underserved, diverse communities across the country. Community stores focus on creating pathways for those facing barriers to opportunity by hiring from within the community, creating dedicated space for communities to come together for events and working with diverse contractors for store construction and remodels. We have invested in 17 U.S. Community Stores, with the latest opening in the Watts neighborhood of Los Angeles in FY20. We plan to open 100 Community Stores in the U.S. by the end of 2025.
a gratitude g ng; ion anding
and we continued our partnerships to support military

As of FY20, Starbucks had opened four Community Stores in Asia across three markets, with different areas of focus that include providing educational opportunities for children and supporting youth entrepreneurs and farming communities.

We also operated six Signing Stores in FY20 around the world to provide employment opportunities for Deaf and hard of hearing people and drive greater community connection. In FY20, our licensed partner in India opened two stores staffed entirely by women, creating a welcoming space for women to grow and develop their careers at Starbucks.

In the U.S., we have invested in 68 Military Family Stores as of FY20, which offer support for military communities, and plan to open 132 of them by 2022.




© 2021 Starbucks Corporation. IMPAC T S UMM ARY
2020 Global Environmental & Social Impact Report | 11


PEO PLE F Y20 PROG RES S: OUR COMMUNITIES


HUNGER RELIEF
RE SUPPORT

Donated food available from 74% of U.S. company-operated stores Goal: Rescue food available to donate from 100% of U.S. company-operated stores by the end of FY21 The Starbucks FoodShare program in the U.S., which launched in 2016 in partnership with Feeding America, donates eligible, unsold food to food banks and mobile pantries. In FY20, the program redirected food from 74% of U.S. company-operated stores. We also doubled down on investments in successful, long-term strategies like mobile pantries, which help overcome transportation and access barriers by bringing food to families where they are. As a result of these initiatives, Starbucks donated more than 8.9 million meals in FY20, as well as $1 million to mobile pantry programs.
C., stores e in tical nt.
Cities ations.
Goal: Provide store partners support to address customers with In FY20, Starbucks launched a one-year Outreach Worker pilot

As the needs of food banks increase, we continue to learn from the many logistical challenges of ongoing perishable food delivery so we can increase the scale of this program. Internationally, similar food donation programs exist in several markets, including a FoodShare program in Canada and food waste diversion programs in 14 countries across EMEA markets.

No partner should have to choose between work and having their voice heard. In FY20, Starbucks continued to promote the importance of voting – including making sure partners had the tools and time to vote and encouraging government at all levels to make sure Americans have safe and accessible ways to vote. Through a campaign that included using the Starbucks app and a partnership with a non-partisan coalition of businesses, Civic Alliance, we provided partners and customers with resources and information about how and where to register to vote. We also provided all U.S. partners with a free Lyft ride worth up to $75 so they could travel to the polls to vote, volunteer as a poll worker or drop a ballot at a post office, ballot box or other official ballot drop location.

We formed partnerships in FY20 with the NAACP, Hispanic Federation, Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America and the Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights to create opportunities for our partners to volunteer in civic-related activities in their local communities.




© 2021 Starbucks Corporation.
2020 Global Environmental & Social Impact Report | 12


PEO PLE


FUNDING IN CHIC AGO

600 Million in FY20 $
8 Million Invested in FY20 $


Goal: Stimulate economic development in the communities Starbucks serves while delivering high-quality products and services Starbucks Supplier Diversity and Inclusion program drives inclusion of qualified businesses that are at least 51% owned and operated by a U.S. or Canadian citizen or legal resident and certified as minority, woman, LGBTQ, veteran, person with a disability, or socio-economically disadvantaged small businesses classified as HUB Zone or 8(a). The program’s current emphasis is to focus on suppliers of all sizes and facilitate mentorships to support suppliers’ success. Starbucks has spent nearly $8 billion with diverse suppliers since 2000. In FY20, we spent more than $600 million with diverse tier- one suppliers, which was 8.1% of the company’s total spend in the U.S. and Canada.
ject ing te
, we invested $8 million of our $10 million commitment ation facility, an urban farm, green houses, an
into Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs) in 8 million investment, $225,000 was in the form of grants to outdoor fresh produce market, a visitor center with classrooms for




Updated Statement Goal: Further the respect for human rights globally

In FY20, Starbucks published an update to our global human rights statement to outline our company’s commitment and expectations of our partners, supply chain and business partners to uphold human rights throughout our global operations. In this update Starbucks committed to respect the Women’s Empowerment Principles, Children’s Rights and Business Principles, and Framework Principles on Human Rights and the Environment. Our policy also reiterates our respect for the crucial work done by Human Rights Defenders who work individually or with others to promote or protect human rights. As part of our commitment to this work, throughout the last fiscal year as allegations of human rights abuses throughout our supply chain have been raised, Starbucks has investigated and remediated when appropriate.




© 2021 Starbucks Corporation. IMPAC T S UMM ARY
2020 Global Environmental & Social Impact Report | 13


PEO PLE F Y 2 1 H I G H L I G H T S T O D AT E


Substantial Wage Increases                                               100 Million Investment to Support BIPOC
$


In December 2020, Starbucks made one of the most substantial investments in wages in our company’s history by increasing U.S. pay rates, boosting the premium we already paid to exceed minimum wage in every U.S. market. This included: •A  t least a 10% pay increase for baristas, shift supervisors and café attendants hired on or before September 14, 2020. •A  t least an 11% pay increase for tenured partners with three years of continued service. •A  continued investment in shift supervisor pay to recognize this critical leadership role and attract the best talent. •A  t least a 5% increase to all starting pay rates to support store managers in continuing to attract and retain new talent. With these investments, more than 30% of our U.S. retail partners are currently earning hourly wages at or above $15 an hour, and we continue on our path to ensure all U.S. partners will be making at or above $15 an hour within three years.
inesses and This disclosure
the proxy statement for its annual meeting of vil right assessment, conducted
community development projects in BIPOC neighborhoods. follows the company joining the Board Diversity Action Alliance in October 2020. As of March 2021, the composition of the Starbucks Board of Directors is 45% people of color and 36% women. Third Civil Rights Assessment by Covington & Burling LLP under the leadership of former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder Jr., and showing continued progress on inclusion, diversity and equity.




© 2021 Starbucks Corporation. IMPAC T S UMM ARY
2020 Global Environmental & Social Impact Report | 14


PLAN ET Our vision for the future is to become resource positive — giving back more than we take from the planet. And we know we can’t do it alone. It takes all of us.



F Y20 PROG RES S


B E COM I N G A R E S O U RC E- P O S ITI V E COM PA N Y

An Update on Our Progress 2030 Goals: 1 2 3

In January 2020, we announced a multi-decade aspiration to be a resource-positive company, giving more than we take from the planet. This means storing more carbon than we emit, eliminating waste and replenishing more freshwater than we use. We set preliminary 2030 reduction targets, pledging to cut our carbon, water and waste footprints by half, working from a 2018 baseline. Since then, our carbon goal has been validated as science-based from the Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTi), and as part of the validation process we adjusted our baseline year for all three reduction targets to FY19. The SBTi has confirmed that our scope 1 and 2 portion of our 2030 carbon target is aligned with a 1.5°C pathway, the most ambitious level they validate. To meet our 2030 goals, we set five key strategies, rooted in science, grounded in Starbucks Mission and Values, and informed by comprehensive market research and trials:
iew and seek is nticipated ey are ity as ent process.
counsel from our Board of Directors Nominating and Corporate and is due primarily to reduced business activity in FY20 as a result

•E  xpand plant-based menu options •S  hift away from single-use to reusable packaging • I nvest in regenerative agriculture, reforestation, forest conservation and water replenishment in our supply chain • I nvest in better ways to manage our waste • I nnovate to develop more sustainable stores, operations,



© 2021 Starbucks Corporation. IMPAC T S UMM ARY
2020 Global Environmental & Social Impact Report | 15


PLAN ET F Y20 PROG RES S


N E W E F F O R T S T O R E D U C E C A R B O N A N D R E P L E N I S H W AT E R

An Update on Our Progress As we work to invest in regenerative agriculture, reforestation, forest conservation and water replenishment in our supply chain, we launched pilots in FY20 in Guatemala, Mexico, Peru, Rwanda and Kenya focused on working toward reducing our environmental footprint in green coffee. This included alternative coffee processing and new wet mill innovations designed to save up to 80% of water, as well as precision agronomy practices – such as analyzing soil and leaves – to help reduce our carbon footprint.
of the ways s to provide ores around the 0. Most duced oatmilk; the ; and Canada ond Meat®
Substitutes

Through our partnership with the World Wildlife Fund (WWF), we’re leveraging WWF’s Water Risk tool to map our highest risk basins and better understand the challenges in those basins across origin countries and store communities, helping ensure long-term access to freshwater.

And in FY20, we joined the new Transform to Net Zero initiative as a founding member. Comprised of nine founding members, the Initiative’s objective is to accelerate the transition to a net zero global economy no later than 2050 by developing and delivering research, guidance and roadmaps to guide businesses in achieving net zero emissions.




© 2021 Starbucks Corporation. IMPAC T S UMM ARY
2020 Global Environmental & Social Impact Report | 16


PLAN ET F Y20 PROG RES S


REUSABLE CUPS
W A S T E F R O M C U P S A N D S T R AW S

Researching Incentives, Testing Single-Use Fees Goal: Double the use of reusable cups from 2016-2022 COVID-19 safety measures challenged our ability to allow customers and partners to use personal cups and “for here” ware in our stores, and we paused on those initiatives while using FY20 to conduct consumer and market research to better understand how best to incentivize the use of reusables. In FY20, 1.3% of beverages sold were in reusable cups, either a customer’s personal cup or “for here” ware, in company-operated stores in Canada, EMEA, Japan and the U.S. Meanwhile, we tested single-use cup fees in UK and Germany. And in the UK, Starbucks launched the Circular Cup, a reusable cup made in the UK from approximately six single-use paper cups.
S. and Canada als: Elimination of plastic straws by the end of 2021 partnership with Closed Loop Partners and the NextGen nsortium, we worked in FY20 toward our goal to develop 100% mpostable and recyclable hot cups. In FY20, five new markets ined the list of major markets where Starbucks hot cups are cyclable: Kent County, Mich.; Lansing, Mich.; Sioux Falls, S.D.; . Lucie County, Fla.; and Athens County, Ga. They join 13 other jor markets: Seattle; Washington, DC; Denver; New York; n Francisco; Boston; Louisville, Ky.; Dallas; Vancouver; London; sterdam;and Chattanooga, Tenn. In Canada, stores are funding -store recycling where it’s possible.

we work to shift away from single-use plastics and champion e use of recycled content in packaging, our hot cups contain % post-consumer fiber. In FY20, we joined the Ellen MacArthur undation’s New Plastics Economy Global Commitment that’s ntered around a vision of a circular economy for plastic in which never becomes waste. In doing this, we committed to:

ake action to help eliminate problematic or unnecessary plastic ackaging by 2025. ake action to move from single-use towards reuse models here relevant by 2025. ake action for 100% of plastic packaging to be reusable, ecyclable or compostable by 2025. se 5-10% recycled content across all plastic packaging by 2025.

our effort to eliminate one billion plastic straws a year, we are track to meet our 2021 goal. In FY20 we completed the rollout strawless lids across the U.S. and Canada, which we modeled ter our hot drink lid and has approximately 9% less plastic than e flat lid and straw historically used for iced beverages. Unlike aditional plastic straws, the strawless lids can be recycled in ny markets in the U.S. and Canada. We also signed the U.S. astics Pact as a call to action for a better waste infrastructure.




© 2021 Starbucks Corporation. IMPAC T S UMM ARY
2020 Global Environmental & Social Impact Report | 17


PLAN ET F Y20 PROG RES S


R E N E WA B LE E N E R GY FO R S TO R E S A N D C O M M U N ITI E S

Powering 72% of Operations Globally Goal: Invest in 100% renewable energy to power operations globally by the end of 2020
ores
5

Worldwide, Starbucks purchases enough renewable energy to power 100% of our company-operated locations in the U.S., Canada and Europe, and 72% of company-operated locations globally, with market constraints in China and Japan challenging our ability to reach our 2020 goal. As members of the RE100, we remain committed to reaching 100% renewable energy globally as access increases in Asian markets. A priority in FY20 was expanding our roster of renewable energy projects in the U.S., supporting the growth of green energy onto the grid close to the stores that use the energy. We used our scale to drive innovation across the energy sector and support not only our stores but also the communities around our stores: • In  New York state, Starbucks invested nearly $97 million in up to 23 new community solar projects, which will supply solar energy to 24,000+ households, small businesses, nonprofits, churches, universities and Starbucks Stores. • I n Virginia, we finalized an agreement with a solar farm that will offset 50% of our company-operated roasting and beverage • I n California, we launched the company’s first next generation on-site solar store, and we have entered into a Virtual Power •A  t home in Washington state, a new wind project is providing renewable energy to about 140 of our stores and our Kent Roasting Plant, along with numerous nearby communities.
ork, WWF) and ons, we n we k to a first re r tion surrounding ions to the
the U.S. and Canada. Circumstances
surrounding COVID-19 slowed some areas of progress, but it also sustainability. G R E E N E R PA R TN E R S 28,000 Partners Enrolled in Greener Apron With growing interest among our partners in sustainability, more than 28,000 worldwide have now enrolled in in the Greener Apron sustainability training program through Starbucks Global Academy. We continue to expand opportunities for partners to engage on sustainability, in part because increased awareness and adoption




© 2021 Starbucks Corporation. IMPAC T S UMM ARY
2020 Global Environmental & Social Impact Report | 18


PLAN ET F Y 2 1 H I G H L I G H T S T O D AT E


Forest Conservation and Restoration Early in FY21, Starbucks launched projects with Conservation International (CI) to protect and restore at-risk forests in key coffee landscapes near our supply chains. Over the next five years, CI and Starbucks will work together on forest conservation and restoration programs in Colombia and Peru that will help carbon sequestration efforts and benefit freshwater ecosystems and surrounding coffee communities.
r- y in
on


Win-Wins with Dairy Farmers Starbucks is now supporting the Dairy Net Zero Initiative, a partnership of the U.S. dairy community seeking to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions and improvements in water quality on farms. We’ve also joined the Farm Powered Strategic Alliance as a founding member, which uses food waste from our supply chains to produce low carbon fertilizer that dairy farmers can use to support their regenerative agriculture practices.
ores in Japan
e Commitments
nd Seattle, in which customers received a reusable cup to take ith them and return later or at a different store. This spring, we
Oatmilk Rolls Out Nationally                                          built on these learnings to scale our cup-borrowing program to
In March, Starbucks rolled out Oatly oatmilk as a plant-based choice in stores across the U.S.




© 2021 Starbucks Corporation. IMPAC T S UMM ARY
2020 Global Environmental & Social Impact Report | 19


COFFEE Coffee is at our core. We are committed to sourcing coffee responsibly, for the betterment of people and planet, so we can ensure a sustainable future of coffee.



F Y20 PROG RES S


E T H I C A L LY S O U R C E D C O F F E E

98.6% in FY20 Goal: Committed to 100% ethically sourced coffee in partnership with Conservation International From 2015 to 2019, 99% of Starbucks coffee was verified as ethically sourced as measured by C.A.F.E. Practices, our ethical sourcing verification program developed in partnership with Conservation International. Measuring farms against economic, social and environmental criteria, the C.A.F.E. Practices program is designed to promote transparent and sustainable coffee growing practices while also helping protect the well-being of coffee farmers and workers, their families and their communities.
h
of our e bred te f their
ate, 10 Million in FY20
FY20, we distributed 10 million trees to farmers in Mexico,

In FY20, due to restrictions caused by COVID-19, auditing teams were unable to complete all the necessary in-person, on-farm audits of our coffee production, resulting in expiration for farms whose verification ended in FY20 and were not audited. This resulted in 98.6% of our coffee coming in FY20 from C.A.F.E. Practice-verified farms.
ne Farmer Support Centers, al: Train 200,000 farmers by the end of 2020 re than 40,000 farmers were trained in FY20, enabling us to ach our goal of training 200,000 farmers by the end of 2020. arbucks operates nine Farmer Support Centers worldwide, ere agronomists and quality experts work alongside coffee rmers – whether they sell to Starbucks or not – to share tools d information to help increase the productivity, quality and ofitability of coffee on their farms and improve their livelihoods. FY20, due to COVID-19 restrictions, we incorporated online aining tools and resources to continue these efforts while pporting the health and safety of our partners, suppliers, rmers and their communities.




© 2021 Starbucks Corporation. IMPAC T S UMM ARY
2020 Global Environmental & Social Impact Report | 20


COFFEE


C E A B I L I T Y

Childcare Centers                                                       Launched for Consumers, Testing Among
Goal: Strengthen our coffee communities In FY20, Starbucks launched a new initiative in Guatemala focused on providing safe spaces for local and migrant workers’ children to continue their education during the coffee harvest season. Five new centers opened during the 2020-21 harvest season, with co-investment from coffee suppliers and implementation by FUNCAFE and Coffee Care. Starbucks also established a $100,000 Capital Improvement fund to support initial and on-going childcare center improvements, along with preparing childcare center locations to open in a safe and welcoming way. 42.9 Million to Date $ Goal: $50 million in farmer loans by the end of 2020 The Starbucks Global Farmer Fund was founded to improve supply chain resiliency and ensure a long-term supply of coffee by addressing the unmet financing needs of farmers. As of FY20, we have invested $42.9 million in the Fund, partnering with Root Capital and ResponsAbility to provide coffee businesses and farmers with access to low-interest loans in regions where traditional banks are not an option due to high interest rates. Loans allow farmers to plant new trees and improve their infrastructure. In addition, we have continued our Emergency Farmer Relief Fund for a second year to further support farmers who were negatively impacted by low global coffee prices. These secondary payments go directly to smallholder farmers in Central America to subsidize their income, helping to offset low prices compared to cost of production. Although market conditions were slightly better than in FY19, we distributed more than $2.8 million to farmers in Guatemala and Nicaragua in FY20.
FY20 we , which ffee tomers e coffee their beans, tform for d part h, coa.
and platform to give farmers the ability to trace their coffee beans,
Farmers Goal: Create connection between coffee farmers and coffee consumers; empower farmers and support coffee farm communities and read about the farmers who grow it. We are continuing to explore how digital tools can empower farmers and best support farming communities by leveraging the traceability technology so they can see where their beans go and the final product they farmers to get agronomy tips and green coffee price information for their local markets. More than 19,000 farmers used the service over three months. ETHIC AL TEA AND COCOA In FY20, we sourced 99.7% of tea from Rainforest Alliance certified




© 2021 Starbucks Corporation. IMPAC T S UMM ARY
2020 Global Environmental & Social Impact Report | 21


COFFEE F Y 2 1 H I G H L I G H T S T O D AT E


C.A.F.E. Practice Verification Updates With a philosophy of continuous improvement, we updated C.A.F.E. Practices verification procedures over FY20 to incorporate the increase in frequency and sample size of third-party inspections on C.A.F.E. Practices-verified farms with both announced and unannounced audits by third parties as well as an increase to the number of farms audited each year. These new procedures have started in FY21.
he
ing a sustainable future of coffee.


Doubling the Global Farmer Fund to $100 Million Starbucks committed an additional $50 million in the Global Farmer Fund, bringing total investment to $100 million. Coffee growers can use these funds to plant trees and update their farming practices to be more productive and lessen their impact on the environment. 23 Million New Coffee Trees in Colombia In partnership with the Federacion Nacional de Cafeteros de Colombia, we have committed to distribute 23 million coffee seedlings to more than 12,000 C.A.F.E. Practices farmers over the next two and a half years with the goal of improving productivity and yields.
rbucks, along with other partners, is supporting three new lective action projects in Brazil focused on promoting and engthening good working conditions on coffee farms across the tor. These projects are the GCP Social Well-Being Collective ion Initiative, Verite’s Promoting Ethical Recruitment focus with Brazilian Coffee Sector COFFEE Project, and a monitor skill- lding project with The Rainforest Alliance.




© 2021 Starbucks Corporation.
2020 Global Environmental & Social Impact Report | 22 K   S 2020 UC                      RE B




P




R




OR S TA




T PAC T ENVIR S TA R B U C K S




M Integrity
IM ON Information




act         Starbucks management is responsible for the oals        preparation and integrity of the information eople       reported for fiscal 2020. Through a system of e’ve also   internal controls, including a comprehensive rces        verification process involving internal subject .com and    matter experts, we believe this information orate       accurately represents our global responsibility
L EN                         I    A TA L & S          OC




y           activities and performance results for the fiscal year. External verification over specified metrics siness.     is provided by Moss Adams LLP and Burns & s           McDonnell Engineering Inc. these rograms n our       Forward-Looking Statements




believe    Our reporting on global responsibility for fiscal ers,        2020 includes forward-looking statements tions       about the company’s business and its future business plans, initiatives, goals and objectives.
These forward-looking statements are based on currently available operating, financial and
Reporting Year                                     competitive information and are subject to a
s October   number of significant risks uncertainties. Actual less        future results may differ materially depending 2021 or    on a variety of factors including impact of COVID-19 on our business operations; regulatory and other raw material prices and availability; dollars,    successful execution of the company’s blueprint for growth and other strategies; cost reduction
measures or voluntary actions that may be put in place as a result of COVID-19, coffee, dairy and other initiatives; and other risks detailed in the company’s filings with the Securities
Previous Reports                                   and Exchange Commission, including the “Risk
social     Factors” section of Starbucks Annual Report Form al          10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29, e also      2020 and Starbucks Quarterly Report on Form stry-       10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 28, 2021. s           The company assumes no obligation to update e Change,   any of these forward-looking statements.

Stay Up-to-Date Follow @starbucksnews on Twitter for the latest information.




© 2021 Starbucks Corporation.
2020 Global Environmental & Social Impact Report | 23
