Note: fiscal year = October 1 to September 30




Message from the CEO




I am pleased to share with you Post’s third report concerning environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues. We have made solid progress towards the goals we articulated last year. We face challenges as stewards of capital that require us to balance often competing priorities. I hope in reading this report and in evaluating our performance with respect to each of our stakeholders, you will share my pride in our organization’s success.


“ Our ESG efforts are an essential part of being a responsible business and delivering on our commitments.”
Robert V. Vitale
President and Chief Executive Officer


Post Holdings Overview




Post Holdings, Inc., is a consumer packaged goods holding company with businesses operating in the center-of-the-store,refrigerated, foodservice and food ingredient categories.Our companies also market private brand foods.


A DIVERSIFIED PORTFOLIO


The holding company sits at the center of a hub-and-spoke ecosystem, providing governance oversight, capital allocation and shared corporate services across the enterprise. Our businesses are responsible for driving operating results and developing and executing the strategies specific to each company.




(%) Post Holdings ownership
$5.9B Post Holdings, Inc.
100% Post Consumer Brands
60.5% 8th Avenue Food & Provisions
100% Foodservice
100% Refrigerated Retail
31.0% Post Holdings Partnering Corporation
100% Weetabix




Our Operating Companies




Our diversified companies encompass a broad mix of product types, with leading market positions in core growth categories.


Post Consumer Brands


Post Consumer Brands is one of the top producers in the North American ready-to-eat cereal category, offering a broad portfolio including highly recognized brands such as Honey
Bunches of Oats, Pebbles, Great Grains and Malt-O-Meal bag cereal. It also markets Peter Pan
nut butters.


Foodservice and Refrigerated Retail


Michael Foods and Bob Evans Farms are leaders in refrigerated foods, delivering innovative, value-added egg and refrigerated potato and pasta products. Michael Foods focuses on the
foodservice channel and Bob Evans Farms focuses on the refrigerated retail channel. Products include eggs, potatoes, side dishes, cheese and sausage through the Papetti’s, Abbotsford Farms, Simply Potatoes, Bob Evans, Egg Beaters and Crystal Farms brands.


Weetabix


Weetabix manufactures ready to-eat cereal and is home to the United Kingdom’s number-one selling cereal brand, Weetabix. Its range of brands also includes Alpen, Ready Brek and Weetos.


Partially Owned


We also participate in the private brand food category through our investment in 8th Avenue Food & Provisions, a leading, private brands consumer products holding company. 8th Avenue
operates in categories such as peanut and other nut butters, pasta, dried fruit and nut products and granola.
Post Holdings Partnering Corporation is a publicly traded, blank-check special purpose acquisition company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar partnering transaction with one or more businesses. It presently has no business operations.


Company Snapshot




Total Employees (as of November 1, 2022, excluding 8th Avenue Food & Provisions)
10,416
Fiscal 2022 Net Sales
$5.9B
Office and Manufacturing Locations
58


Our Approach




Message from our ESG Senior Director


As I took the reins of Post’s ESG program this year, there were three main objectives to focus upon:
1.   We follow through on our goals and commitments. Last year we stated six environmental goals and commitments, and I am proud to share we have made progress on all of them. See Goals and Commitments, on next page.
This ESG report provides an exciting opportunity to
reflect on our accomplishments over the past year and
the forward journey with our ESG program. Advancing our
program over the past year has not been an easy endeavor.
Like all consumer packaged goods companies, we faced
challenges across our value chain while navigating diverse
and continuously evolving ESG expectations from our
constituents. I can confidently say we have persevered and
our ESG program is helping make our company an even better
place to work, partner with and invest in.
2.   Our key investors and customers are comfortable with
the direction of our ESG program and performance.
We have significantly enhanced our disclosures, including
launching a new Responsibility section on our website, more
proactively managing our investor rating profiles and actively
participating in customer sustainability initiatives.
3.   ESG is integrated into our organization. This objective
represents the holy grail of corporate ESG and defining a
program that is business as usual. We are pursuing this
objective in two ways: 1) standardization of practices and
processes across the enterprise, with a focus in the past
year on environmental accounting, internal ESG Guidelines,
and supplier qualification, assurance and traceability; and
2) collaborating with key functions. See ESG Integration,
on next page.
This report has been designed in a unique manner and
intentionally laid out to be easily deconstructed with the various
sections readily available for other uses beyond sharing an
annual update.
We hope you enjoy reading our latest ESG report and learning
more about Post Holdings and our businesses. While we are
energized by the progress of our ESG program, we know this is
only the end of the beginning and there are many opportunities
in front of us to ensure we operate responsibly and meet our
promises to our constituents.
Nick Martin
Senior Director, ESG




Goals and Commitments


Overview
Fiscal Year 2022 Progress
Reduce our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 30% by 2030 in our direct operations
(Scope 1 and Scope 2) and develop a supply chain GHG goal (Scope 3) over the next 12 months
• Weetabix transitioned to purchasing 100% renewable electricity
• Evaluating solar projects at multiple manufacturing and office locations
• Disclosed additional details on our data and GHG management, including a more robust
disclosure to CDP Climate
• Disclosed a Scope 3 GHG emissions baseline
Adopt a “no deforestation” policy within our supply chain covering key commodities
• Published a No Deforestation Policy, focused on palm oil, soy, beef and pulp and paper
Assess our water impact, particularly in high-stress environments
• Completed a water stress assessment for our global production, warehouse and
distribution sites finding less than 5% of sites are high-stress locations
Assess our waste to landfill
• Shared learnings enterprise-wide from Weetabix being zero waste to landfill since 2016
and from individual landfill free sites within our portfolio
• Launched an initiative with procurement department to proactively manage expiring
waste contracts with a focus on optimizing waste reuse and recycling
Participate in the Sustainable Packaging
Coalition and implement How2Recycle
labeling across our products
•Joined the Sustainable Packaging Coalition at the enterprise level
•Developed an ESG Guideline for use of How2Recycle labels across our products with Post Consumer Brands having planned implementation for over 85% of packaging
•Two businesses have committed to 100% recyclability of all packaging by 2025
Continue enhancing and evolving our animal welfare policies and ensuring our suppliers are
accountable to our policies
•Maintained our Animal Welfare Committee with recognized third-party experts         
•Continued our partnership with a leading advisory partner to enhance and evolve our
policies and practices


ESG Integration
Function
Representative Examples During Fiscal Year 2022
Legal
Joint monitoring of emerging ESG-related regulations,
such as the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
proposed rules for climate-related disclosures
Procurement
Steering Committee and Working Group participation in the
Supplier Qualification and Assurance Initiative
Communications
Publication of ESG and Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
(DEI) Newsletters
Internal Audit
Building capacity to identify linkages and proactively
prepare for emerging assurance requirements
Ethics and Compliance
Providing inputs into our updated Global Code of Conduct,
supplier due diligence and corporate policies
Information Technology
Piloting a leading-edge ESG platform called Ecocrumb
Marketing, Sales and Customer Management
Responding to ESG-related surveys, inquiries and partnership opportunities
Human Resources
Integrating ESG into recruitment and employee engagement processes




Our Approach




Post’s approach to ESG
is based upon a strategic
framework, which provides our
organization with a structured
and focused method for
advancing our ESG program.




ESG Strategic Framework


Social Responsibility
•Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
•Empowering People
•Community Engagement


Sourcing Responsibility
•Supplier ESG Practices
•Commodity Traceability
•Animal Welfare


Product Responsibility
•Food Quality and Safety
•Sustainable Packaging
•Responsible Marketing


Operational Responsibility
•EHS&S Data and KPIs
•Climate and Energy
•Environmental Stewardship


ESG Oversight
•Ethics and Compliance
•Internal Controls
•Transparency


Our promised to our constituents
•Colleagues
•Customers
•Consumers
•Community
•Capital Providers


Component 1 Our Promise to Constituents




Understanding the perspectives of a wide range of
stakeholders is critical to identifying and managing our
ESG priorities. We view our ESG program as fundamental to
delivering our organization's promises to our constituents.


Capital Providers:


Be sound stewards of capital
and provide debt and equity
investors attractive risk adjusted long-term returns


Colleagues:


Foster a rewarding and
respectful environment where
employees can pursue their
potential




Community:


Engage in the communities
in which we operate


Customers:


Partner with customers in a
manner that achieves both
our business objectives


Consumers:


Provide choices that are
safe, affordable and of the
highest quality


Component 2 ESG Oversight




Our holding company business model differs from traditional
consumer packaged goods companies. While we have
some centralized functions (such as procurement, tax, SEC
reporting and corporate compliance) and shared functions
(such as food safety), our businesses have autonomous
management teams and drive their own strategies for growth.
While Post acknowledges the need for enterprise-wide
commitments and a culture of responsibility, we use a strategic
business-by-business approach to optimize attention and
resources for greatest impact and business value. Each company
is empowered to drive its ESG and sustainability efforts based
upon what is most material to its unique business, products
and stakeholders. There are a variety of ESG-focused projects
taking place across our enterprise at any given time, but not all
are identical. One business may be focused on further enhancing
animal welfare practices, while another where that topic is not
relevant may be more focused on sustainable packaging. This is
a strength of being a holding company, allowing our organization
to be more agile and responsive to the unique opportunities
that an ESG focus provides. Consistent across our businesses
is a commitment to being a responsible company and the ESG
oversight structure as described to the right.


Oversight
•Board of Directors
•Audit Committee of the Board of Directors


Leadership
•Executive Management
•Investor Relations Director
•ESG Senior Director


Strategy
•ESG Steering Committee
•ESG Operations Council


Integration
•Post Consumer Brands
•Foodservice and Refrigerated Retail
•Weetabix
•8th Avenue Food & Provisions




Board of Directors


Post Holdings’ Board of Directors (the Board) is a strong, balanced
blend of current and retired executives whose exceptional
knowledge and considerable experience strategically guide and
support the delivery of long-term value to the company. Our
current Board members are:
•William P. Stiritz (Chairman)
•Robert E. Grote
•Robert V. Vitale
•Ellen F. Harshman
•Dorothy M. Burwell
•David W. Kemper
•Gregory L. Curl
•Jennifer Kuperman
•Thomas C. Erb
•David P. Skarie
The Audit Committee of the Board reviews information concerning
environmental, legal, regulatory and other matters that may
represent material financial exposure or risk to the company.
The full Board has a broader role, overseeing our ESG practices
and initiatives, as well as other social issues important to our
constituents. The Board also reviews our annual ESG reports, and
considers significant ESG trends that may impact the company.


Executive Management


Our ESG strategy and initiatives are led by our Executive
Management in collaboration with Investor Relations and our
ESG Senior Director, with strategic inputs from the ESG Steering
Committee and ESG Operations Council. Post Holdings’ President
and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) serves on the Board and is
frequently and directly engaged with our ESG Steering Committee,
which oversees implementation of our ESG program. Our
President and CEO is regularly briefed on ESG and sustainability
topics and progress by our ESG Senior Director and our ESG
Steering Committee. Our ESG Senior Director leads the ESG
Steering Committee and reports directly to our Executive Vice
President, General Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer.


ESG Steering Committee


The ESG Steering Committee is a group of senior leaders from
across the company who lead the development of our ESG
strategy and recommend goals, policies, practices and disclosures
that align with our strategy. The Committee includes senior
leaders from global procurement, communications, legal, investor
relations, product safety and quality and operations. The ESG
Steering Committee’s responsibilities include:
• Evaluating emerging ESG matters that affect the company’s
businesses, operations, performance or reputation.
• Communicating regularly with the executive team and the ESG
Operations Council, as well as with the chief executive officers
of each operating company.
• Providing ESG-related information and recommendations to the
full Board at scheduled meetings and as important issues arise.




ESG Operations Council


The ESG Operations Council consists of technical influencers from
each company with members from operations, environmental
health and safety, legal, communications and procurement and
works in partnership with the ESG Steering Committee to:
• Provide operational perspectives on proposed strategies, goals,
policies, practices and disclosures and the implications for our
production facilities and distribution.
•  Align on technical elements of ESG program implementation.
•  Share best practices and technical expertise among businesses.
• Ensure a consistent and effective flow of ESG information
throughout the enterprise.
During fiscal year 2023, we will be further evolving our ESG
oversight structure in alignment with our strategic framework
and to further enhance the involvement of our businesses in
guiding the strategic direction for our ESG program.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INTERNAL CONTROLS




Post is committed to conducting our business ethically,
responsibly and in full compliance with applicable laws and
regulations. Our values are a fundamental part of our day-to-day
operations. They govern the way we work, the way we behave and
the way we interact. They transcend location, role and function.
Values drive value, which is why we take them seriously.
The Audit Committee of the Board strategically guides and
supports the long-term objectives of our company and ensures
we uphold our values. Our directors possess a wide range of
operational, executive leadership and core business skills and
work collaboratively with management to enable and secure the
long-term future of the company, ensuring that we continue to
foster a culture of ethics, integrity and compliance with laws,
regulations and company policy for all of our business activities,
including ESG matters.
•  Audit Committee Charter
•  Corporate Governance Guidelines
•  Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee Charter
For more information about our Board and corporate governance
practices, visit Investors at www.postholdings.com
or refer to our fiscal year 2022 Proxy Statement.


Our Values




Values drive value, which is why we take them seriously.


Integrity


We take responsibility for our
actions, adopt an unbiased
approach to all colleagues,
do the right thing, deliver
what we promise and are
considerate of individual
differences and cultures.


Impact


We measure everything,
commit to excellence and
question if the job can be
done quicker, better or more
efficiently.


Interdependence


We take ownership of our
successes and mistakes,
encourage the wisdom of
the unconventional, trust
each other and respect and
value our differences.


Insight


We learn from others,
leverage strengths,
seek to develop a deep
understanding, look for
creative solutions and make
them happen.


Imagination


We have the courage to
dream big, are open and
proactive to change, are
positive and inspiring, peer
around the corner and
change the landscape.


In 2022, we launched an enhanced Global Code of Conduct, which
provides guidance to govern the way we work, the way we behave
and the way we interact throughout our day-to-day operations.
Our Corporate Compliance and Ethics program focuses on three
primary intentions: prevention, detection and deterrence of
potential violations. We designed our compliance program, as
well as our policies and procedures, to promote transparency,
open discussion and reporting of issues, both internally and
externally. We expect and require timely reporting of any issues
reported to provide oversight to ensure prompt handling. The
Global Code of Conduct is available in English, Spanish, Swahili
and Somali and is complemented by additional enterprise-wide
policies and positions including:
•  Misconduct Reporting and Escalation
•  Anti-Harassment, Discrimination and Non-Retaliation
•  Employee Privacy
•  IT Acceptable Use
•  Social Media
•  Insider Trading
•  Records and Information Management
•  Public Release of Company Information
•  Workplace Relationships
•  Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption
•  Antitrust Compliance
• Human Rights
Each member of the Post community has an obligation and
responsibility to follow our Global Code of Conduct and to
comply with the company’s global policies, as well as local and
business unit policies and procedures. Through a comprehensive
compliance training program and accountability by managers
and supervisors, we ensure that our employees know and
understand the Global Code of Conduct and relevant policies
and how to apply them.


Speak Up Line and Culture


As part of our culture, we encourage managers to create an
atmosphere where employees feel comfortable speaking up
whenever they have a concern about something specific or
general. We seek a culture where employees, and those of
our business partners, may report concerns regarding
unlawful, fraudulent or unethical actions without fear of
retaliation. The Speak Up line is staffed by an independent
third-party provider and is available 24 hours a day, seven days
a week in every country where we operate. Anonymous reports
are accepted where local law permits. Once a report is made,
the third-party provider forwards the report to our corporate
compliance team for resolution. All reports are handled sensitively
and promptly. Confidentiality and anonymity are protected to the
maximum extent possible, subject to applicable law, regulation or
legal proceedings.


Data Privacy and Cybersecurity


We are committed to data privacy and ensuring personal data
is protected and complies with all federal, state and local laws,
as well as all international laws, applicable to our processing of
personal data. As part of this commitment, we train our employees
on the importance of privacy and how to handle and manage
personal data appropriately and securely.


Protecting the company’s information and systems is of critical
importance. We focus on information technology cybersecurity
measures for both operations and employees. As a member of a
not-for-profit coalition of companies dedicated to cybersecurity
and information sharing, Information Technology—Information
Sharing and Analysis Center (IT-ISAC), we understand sectors specific challenges and participate in the overall cybersecurity
community. To protect our customers, our employees and our
operating environment, we are guided by industry standard
controls and regularly assess our cybersecurity program. A
well-trained and informed workforce is another key tool.
Training and awareness programs keep employees current on
cybersecurity and data privacy challenges. Senior management
reviews cybersecurity measures, practices and initiatives with
the Audit Committee of the Board.


TRANSPARENCY AND EXTERNAL ENGAGEMENT




Post understands that being a responsible business requires
a heightened level of ESG transparency and disclosures. This
is a fundamental part of doing business in today’s society with
growing demands from nearly all stakeholders. To meet these
demands, we believe it is essential to be proactive with indirect
communications (e.g., website content, our annual ESG Report
and social media) as well as direct engagements such as routine
meetings we hold with key investors and customers to specifically
understand their perspectives on our ESG program and their
organization’s ESG priorities.


Post strives to align with leading and emerging standards for
corporate ESG reporting and disclosure, such as the Global
Reporting Initiative (GRI), Corporate Sustainability Reporting
Directive (CSRD), the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation
(SFDR) and the International Sustainability Standards Board
(ISSB). Post also proactively engages with leading investor ratings
organizations, such as CDP, MSCI, Sustainalytics, Institutional
Shareholder Services (ISS) and Refinitiv. In 2022, we are proud
of the following actions to enhance our ESG transparency:
• Launched a new Responsibility section on our website to share
our ESG journey, data and achievements.
• Published a Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Newsletter and
an ESG Newsletter to engage our employees and external
Stakeholders.
• Partnered with Ecocrumb to develop a leading-edge platform for
helping companies like ours track, organize and prioritize ESG
content to make more informed decisions that reduce impacts
and drive business value.


Post provides access to our quarterly results, investor events, SEC
filings, stock information/history, annual reports and statements and
investor contacts on our website.


Component 3 Strategic Pillars and Focus Areas




The last component of our ESG framework is our strategic
pillars, which guide our ESG program to stay organized and
focused on agreed areas for annual improvement. These
pillars are used later in this report to share our progress
within each area.
The current focus areas for advancing our ESG program were
prioritized based upon an annual diagnostic of our program
maturity. This is our alternative to a traditional ESG materiality
assessment, while remaining aligned with a “double” perspective
of considering the importance of ESG topics to our business and
to the economy, environment and society. Inputs into our annual
diagnostic include:
• Previous Priorities
• External Trends
• Customer and Industry Benchmarking
• Standards and Industry Voices
• Investor Priorities and Rating Profiles


Previous Priorities


topics prioritized from our
baseline ESG materiality
assessment conducted in 2020
and the nine topical focus areas
for 2021.


External Trends


defining societal and market
forces that must be considered
to be a future-looking and
resilient company, such as
low carbon, circular, hyper
transparent, food security,
waste and accessibility and
inclusiveness.


Customer and Industry
Benchmarking


reviewing the ESG programs
and priorities of our key
customers and industry peers,
as well as patterning ESGrelated surveys and inquiries.


Standards and Industry Voices


considering leading ESG
standards such as the
International Sustainability
Standards Board (ISSB),
Sustainable Accounting
Standards Board (SASB)
Standards and the Global
Reporting Initiative (GRI) and
leading voices such as the
World Economic Forum (WEF).


Investor Priorities and Rating
Profiles


evaluating the key elements
and themes from investor
engagements and third-party
rating frameworks, such
as CDP, ISS, MSCI,
Sustainalytics and Refinitiv.


ESG Program Pillar
Current ESG Program Focus Areas
Sourcing Responsibility
•  Supplier ESG Practices
•  Commodity Traceability
•  Animal Welfare
Operational Responsibility
•  EHS&S Data and KPIs
•  Energy and Climate
•  Environmental Stewardship
Product Responsibility
•  Food Quality and Safety
•  Sustainable Packaging
•  Responsible Marketing
Social Responsibility
•  Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
•  Empowering People
•  Community Engagement


PILLAR NO. 1 Sourcing Responsibility




OUR AMBITION


Post is committed to sourcing all direct and indirect ingredients,
materials and services in a socially, ethically, environmentally and
economically responsible manner. We aspire to have full traceability of
our sourcing supply chain, proactively monitor and manage ESG-related
risks and opportunities and consistently meet or exceed sourcing related expectations from relevant stakeholders.


Business Relevance


Our businesses rely on steady supplies of ingredients and
packaging materials to be used in products, which are
purchased directly from approximately 2,300 domestic and
international supplier facilities.


Given our company’s operational footprint, approximately 90% of
supplier facilities providing ingredients and packaging materials
are located domestically in North America or Europe. The primary
ingredients used by our businesses include wheat, oats, rice, corn,
other grain products, eggs, pork, pasta, potatoes, cheese, milk,
butter, vegetable oils, dairy- and vegetable-based proteins, sugar
and other sweeteners, fruit, nuts and water. Our Foodservice
and Refrigerated Retail businesses also use corn and soybean
meal as the primary grains fed to layer hens. A portion of our egg
needs comes from company-owned layer hens, and the balance is
purchased under third-party contracts and in the spot market. We
also own and operate two potato farms. Our primary packaging
materials include folding cartons, corrugated boxes, flexible
and rigid plastic film, trays and containers, beverage packaging
and plastic lined cartonboard. The majority of our distribution is
through a network of third-party common carriers, plus an
internal fleet for certain refrigerated retail products.




Management Approach


Our approach to delivering on sourcing responsibilities is
led by our Chief Procurement Officer with functional leaders
for ingredient and commodity risk management, packaging,
contract manufacturing, corporate purchasing and indirect
procurement.


As a holding company, procurement was historically managed
by our individual businesses but has been centralized in recent
years, providing a comprehensive perspective on our supply chain
and competitive advantages. Our procurement team collaborates
with other relevant functions, such as compliance and ethics and
ESG, to define supplier requirements and monitor conformance
using analytical tools and direct engagement (e.g., surveys,
audits and meetings). Each of our businesses is also supported
to identify sourcing options and ensure that products meet
applicable standards, certifications and customer requirements,
where applicable, for example, non-GMO, organic, gluten-free
and/or cage-free. Post considers the members of our supply
chain important business partners, and we expect our suppliers
to share our high standard of business ethics and act in a socially,
environmentally and economically responsible manner. To ensure
suppliers follow our standards, we engage them through an
enterprise-wide Supplier Qualification and Assurance Program.


2023 ESG Focus Areas


1. Supplier Engagement


Our focus is on enhancing ESG due
diligence processes and engaging
our supply chain partners to reduce
our Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG)
emissions.


2. Commodity Traceability


Our focus is on pursuing full
traceability and monitoring of key
commodities for conformance
with our policies and proactive
management of ESG risks and
opportunities.


3. Animal Welfare


Our focus is continuing to enhance
our Animal Welfare positions,
policies and processes through our
Animal Welfare Committee.




SUPPLIER STANDARDS AND EXPECTATIONS




The Post Supplier Code of Conduct, combined with our Global
Code of Conduct, sets out the expectations for doing business with
us and our vision for conducting business ethically, responsibly,
with respect for human dignity and in accordance with all
applicable laws and regulations. As a global corporate citizen, we
engage business partners and their supply chain to adhere to our
standards and expectations including:
• Ensuring products present no threat to health or human safety.
• Maintaining a culture of ethics, integrity and full compliance with
all applicable laws, rules and regulations.
• Complying with wage and hour laws.
• Recognizing employees’ right to freedom of association and
collective bargaining.
• A zero-tolerance policy for the use of child labor, forced labor or
human trafficking practices.
• Producing products and services safely and with respect for
the environment.
Our supplier standards and expectations apply to all business
partners, including suppliers, consultants, contractors and
subcontractors. Employees of suppliers are encouraged to
promptly report ethical concerns.


Supplier Qualification and Assurance


Post is committed to maintaining a robust process for supplier
qualification and assurance, which optimizes traditional elements
of cost, quality and service, while meeting new and increasing
ESG responsibilities. Post has a steering committee of senior
leaders and a cross-functional working team dedicated to
continual improvement of our Supplier Qualification and
Assurance Program.
In fiscal year 2022, Post companies procured ingredients and
packaging materials directly from approximately 2,300 supplier
facilities with geographical breakdown as shown to the right:


Ingredient and Packaging Procurement by Region
North America
75 %
Europe
13%
Rest of the world
12%




SUPPLIER DIVERSITY




Post is committed to partnering with the best suppliers and is
an advocate of supplier diversity, believing it brings strength
and flexibility to our supply base and increases competition in
the sourcing process. We value cultivating strategic procurement
relationships with small businesses and with minority-, women-,
veteran- and disadvantaged-owned businesses that provide
high-quality and cost-effective products and services. To build
a diverse and strategic supplier base, Post is committed to
developing a comprehensive Supplier Diversity Initiative. This
initiative drives us to seek, build and offer opportunities to
qualified suppliers of each of the minority classifications to
compete on an equal basis with all other bidders.


In addition to standard vendor onboarding and qualification
processes, all suppliers are screened and monitored for social,
ethical and environmental risks via surveys and third-party tools
and platforms through a four-step process:
1. A third-party risk management
platform screens vendors for
adverse media, government
watchlists, sanctions and politically
exposed persons.
2. All vendors are evaluated using a
multi-variable Post Risk Model to
determine risk level.
3. Vendors with elevated risk levels
are assigned a due diligence
questionnaire.
4. Where necessary, vendors are
directly engaged for further due
diligence, monitoring and risk
mitigation.


During fiscal year 2022, Post piloted a Supplier ESG Survey to
collect information on our suppliers’ ESG practices, performance
data, material traceability and goals.


SUSTAINABLE SOURCING




Post is committed to sourcing with respect for the natural
environment and working with our suppliers on sustainability
pursuits throughout our value chain.


Deforestation and Conversion


Forests are key to preserving biodiversity of plants and animals
and fighting climate change. They also provide livelihoods to
millions of people around the world. We are determined not only
to manage deforestation risks in our supply chains, but to protect
and restore forests and other critical natural ecosystems. Post
maintains a No Deforestation Policy, and our aspiration is to
source 100% of our global commodities with no deforestation
or conversion impacts.


Sustainably Sourcing Wheat


Wheat is a core ingredient in several of our cereal and muesli
products produced by our Weetabix and Post Consumer
Brands businesses.
The Weetabix Growers Group, formed in 2010, is a specialized
group of environmentally aware farmers trusted to grow, harvest,
store and deliver the finest quality wheat within a 50-mile radius
of Weetabix mills in Burton Latimer. The growers commit to abide
by Weetabix’s Wheat Protocol, a strict protocol covering quality,
consistency, traceability and environmental sustainability of the
harvest, and be Red Tractor certified. This significantly reduces
the food miles involved in transporting our main raw ingredient,
and it also allows Weetabix to work with farmers to establish
sustainable farming practices. Over 80% have been supplying
Weetabix with wheat for more than five years and nearly half
for more than 10 years.
Our Post Consumer Brands top wheat suppliers are continuously
exploring ways to grow wheat more sustainably, including
implementing regenerative agriculture practices and improving
milling operations.


Weetabix Growers Group in Numbers
120 local farmers
75K metric tons of wheat produced each year
9.8M acres farmed
80% of Weetabix farmers have been supplying wheat for more than five years


Sustainably Sourcing Palm Oil


Since 2015, Post Holdings has participated in the Roundtable on
Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) and completed the annual RSPO
Communication On Progress report. Although we are a very
small user of palm oil, we engage with palm oil suppliers and
only directly purchase RSPO mass-balanced certified palm oil
Ingredients.


Sustainably Sourcing Soy


All soy oil and a limited amount of soy protein isolate, used by our
Post Consumer Brands cereal business, is directly sourced from
soybeans grown and processed in North America. All soybean
meal for feeding poultry is sourced from within the United States.
Weetabix is a member of the Round Table for Responsible Soy
(RTRS), supporting responsible production of soy through the
purchase of RTRS credits.


Sustainably Sourcing Rice


Rice is a main ingredient in several cereals, including some
organic and gluten-free products we produce. Post responsibly
sources most of our rice from suppliers that have demonstrated
commitments to conserving water and preserving the
environment. Our largest rice suppliers are part of a national
organization called USA Rice, which has a commitment to
sustainability that dates back generations. In the last 35 years,
the group has decreased water usage by 52% and decreased
greenhouse gas emissions by 41%.


Airly® Carbon Farming


Airly offers climate-friendly snacking without asking the
consumer to compromise on taste, value or convenience.
Our Airly® snack brand is on a journey to pioneer new ways to
minimize our carbon footprint every step of the way — from seed
to shelf. Our approach starts with farming differently through
partnering with preeminent scientists and innovative high carbon
capture farms to use the latest carbon farming practices:
• No till farming
• Rotating crops
• Planting cover crops
• Precision digital farming
• Rigorous farm-level Life Cycle Assessments (LCAs) to quantify
carbon capture
“ Airly offers climate friendly snacking without asking the consumer to compromise on taste, value or convenience.” - Jen McKnight, Vice President, Disruptive Growth


Sustainably Sourcing Cocoa


Post partners with several suppliers who have programs in place
to sustainably source cocoa with a focus on ending child and
forced labor and eliminating deforestation for cocoa production.
Post is currently working to meet customer expectations for
supplying Rainforest Alliance or Fair Trade certified cocoa
ingredients by 2025. Our Weetabix business currently receives
100% sustainable cocoa certification from Rainforest Alliance
for all the cocoa it uses across its product range, which is fully
audited and certified.


100% sustainable cocoa certification for Weetabix


Sustainably Sourcing Eggs


We are proud to provide a choice of wholesome egg products,
including traditional, cage-free, plant-based and organic
selections. Demand for specialty eggs is growing exponentially
and being driven by a combination of consumer choice, legislation
and brand commitments. As a charter member of the Coalition
for Sustainable Egg Supply, our Foodservice and Refrigerated
Retail businesses collaborate with farmers, researchers, animal
welfare groups and food companies to devise smart strategies to
meet demands and ensure a sustainable supply for the future.


Sustainably Sourcing Dairy


Crystal Farms launched the Made with Love
in the Midwest program with a mission to
source our dairy from family-owned dairy
farms across the Midwest to help the farmers
and the co-ops they are a part of thrive. A key
step towards achieving our mission of sourcing
exclusively from family farms in the Heartland
is our partnership with Associated Milk Producers, Inc.
Weetabix sources all the milk for Weetabix On The Go drinks from
British dairy farms within a 50-mile radius of where they are made
in Somerset.


Supplier Recognition


Weetabix supports two initiatives to recognize supplier excellence
and sustainability. The first is the Weetabix Food Company
Supplier Awards, which recognize standout suppliers across
six categories for their contribution to working with Weetabix,
including Innovation, Responsible Business, Safety, Health and
Environment, Service, Collaboration and Winning with Weetabix.
We are also proud sponsors of the 14th annual Weetabix
Northamptonshire Food and Drink Awards celebrating the
incredible work of local food manufacturers and suppliers.


Pesticide Management


Our highest priority is the quality and safety of our products and
continuously improving our food safety management systems.
Post is committed to engaging our key agricultural suppliers to
promote reductions in volume and types of pesticides utilized
within our global supply chain and to being transparent with
actions we take in support of this commitment. Our approach
to managing and oversight of pesticides in our supply chain and our owned farms is based upon aligning with regulatory
guidance and leading monitoring programs, such as the U.S.
Department of Agriculture Pesticide Data Program. Post also
utilizes procurement specifications and screening panels and
grower verification to monitor conformance with our program
requirements.


ANIMAL WELFARE




The welfare of the animals within our care and continuous
advancements in the health, safety, comfort and care of the
poultry and livestock within our supply chain remains one of
our highest priorities. Animal welfare is relevant to two of our
businesses currently, Bob Evans Farms and Michael Foods, and
both of these organizations have long-standing commitments
and policies ensuring the highest level of care for animals within
their respective supply chains.


Post is committed to continuing to enhance and evolve our animal
welfare policies and supplier practices. Post has an established
Animal Welfare Committee with recognized third-party experts
and a cross-functional group of internal leaders pursuing the
following mission statement:
To maintain the highest ethical standards, we provide council
and feedback on policies, practices and procedures that
impact animal care, health and welfare of animals in the Bob
Evans and Michael Foods supply chain. We demonstrate we
care for animals in a manner that embraces proven animal
science, husbandry and welfare standards throughout our
entire supply chain.


Our Animal Welfare Committee provides critiques, updates,
enhancements and recommendations to ensure that animal
care, handling and welfare practices meet or exceed recognized
standards as defined by regulators and recognized programs, such
as United Egg Producers Certified and Pork Quality Assurance®
Plus (PQA Plus).


Our mission and commitments are aligned with The Five
Domains, an internationally accepted framework for establishing
comprehensive standards and expectations for animal care that
drive continuous improvements. The Five Domains provide a
context for understanding and supporting responsible animal
care and form the fundamental basis for our approach to animal
welfare, which is advanced by:
• Guidance and oversight by outside experts including Ph.D.
academics from Iowa State University, Michigan State University
and Purdue University with expertise in animal welfare, animal
behavior and animal science.
• Living environments designed for comfort and care.
• Breed selection for health, welfare and sustainability.
• Verification through audits to ensure compliance.




The Five Domains




Physical/Functional Domains


1. Nutrition
Water deprivation
Food deprivation
Malnutrition
2. Environment
Physical and
atmospheric
challenge
3. Health
Disease, injury
and functional
impairment
4. Behavior
Behavioral and/or
interactive movement
Restrictions


Welfare State
5. Mental
Thirst, hunger,
anxiety, fear, pain
and distress


LOGISTICS AND TRANSPORTATION




We recognize the environmental impacts related to transporting
raw materials and products and are proactively working to
identify ways to increase efficiency in our value chain without
compromising quality or customer satisfaction.
Each of our businesses has unique distribution networks based
upon sourcing, production and product distribution to high-volume
food distributors, retailers, club stores, supercenters, mass
merchandisers and national restaurant chains.
Our logistics and transportation network is made up of three main
components:
1. Private fleets owned by Post
2. Third-party services managed by Post
3. Third-party services managed by suppliers or customers
The majority of our logistics and transportation is through thirdparty service providers.


Private Fleets Owned by Post


Our Foodservice and Refrigerated Retail businesses own and
operate their own fleets and two transportation facilities. This
allows for more control, better distribution and transportation
practices and an opportunity to minimize environmental impacts
of transport. The vehicles have modern technology that allows
for increased energy efficiency and enhanced safety. For calendar
year 2021, the private fleet statistics were:


Fuel Gallons
2,185,747
MTCO2
22,317


Third-Party Services Managed by Post


The third-party logistics and transportation service providers
managed by Post use a combination of intermodal, truckload,
less-than-truckload (LTL) and international shipments via a
freight forwarder. Post partners with a strategic transportation
management solutions provider that provides our team with
analytics and insights to manage costs, improve transportation
network efficiency and minimize fuel use and GHG emissions.
Within each contract renewal, Post stipulates a miles per gallon
(MPG) range to realize these benefits. For fiscal year 2022, we had
the following statistics for intermodal and truckload and will work
to include LTL and international shipments in 2023 reporting:


Fuel Gallons - Intermodal
15,582,711
Fuel Gallons - Truckload
1,612,300
MTCO2
177,567


Post Consumer Brands participates in the United States Environmental Protection Agency’s (EPA) SmartWay Shipper Program (SmartWay). SmartWay helps companies advance supply
chain sustainability through efficient transportation and advanced
fuel-saving technologies. As part of this voluntary public-private
partnership, Post Consumer Brands shares fuel use and freight
emissions information with the EPA. The agency then helps
identify opportunities to reduce environmental risk and emissions
and pursue more efficient freight carriers and supply chain
operational strategies.




Third-Party Services Managed by Suppliers or Customers


The third component of our logistics and transportation network
includes inbound raw materials and services managed by
suppliers and also customers that pick up and take rights
to outbound products from our facilities, distribution and
warehouse sites.
Distributing clean energy
In 2021, Post partnered with Taylor Truck Lines to purchase the state of
Minnesota’s first electric terminal tractor with funding from the Minnesota
Pollution Control Agency. The vehicle is used to transport cereal products
between distribution facilities in Northfield, Minnesota. Electric terminal
tractors help to create a healthier environment by reducing pollutants from
diesel and engine oil.


SCOPE 3 GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS




In fiscal year 2022, Post developed our Scope 3 GHG emissions
baseline, which was estimated using the spend-based method.
Approximately 74% of GHG emissions within the Purchased Goods
and Services category are related to agriculture. Post remains
committed to reducing Scope 3 emissions and setting a goal, but
has delayed public announcement pending relevant climate-related
regulations expected to be finalized in early 2023. In preparation for
setting a goal, we utilized our baseline Scope 3 emissions profile to
benchmark the GHG programs of our key suppliers and goal options.
Our Weetabix business continues to explore Science Based Targets
and will set new 2030 targets in 2023 with an ambition of operating
as a net zero business by 2050.


Scope 3 Category
mtCO2e
Purchased Goods and Services
3,826,182
Capital Goods
168,395
Fuel and Energy-Related Activities
148,570
Transportation and Distribution
404,103
Waste Generated in Operations
13,969
Use and End of Life of Sold Products
369,495
Upstream Leased Assets
1,135




PILLAR NO. 2 Operational Responsibility


OUR AMBITION


Post is committed to providing products and services to our customers
with zero harm to people and the environment. Our commitment has been
outlined in an enhanced Global Environment, Health, Safety and Sustainability
Policy (Global EHS&S Policy) published earlier this year. We are dedicated
to doing our part in reducing our operational impacts and striving for a more
sustainable future in partnership with our key stakeholders.


Business Relevance


Achieving our vision of providing products and services with
zero harm to people and the environment requires that we
constantly strive to be responsible stewards within our own
operations. We must walk the talk.
Post operates 58 office and manufacturing locations that produce
the portfolio of products across our businesses. Most of our
manufacturing sites are in the United States with four in Canada
and three in the United Kingdom. We also operate five layer hen
facilities and two potato farms in the United States as inputs into
our refrigerated retail and foodservice products. In addition, we
have nine global offices.
There is growing awareness about the environmental pressures
impacting our planet and the need for more urgent and ambitious
action. Post is responding by aggressively pursuing 30% reductions
in our Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 2030, working towards
reducing waste to landfill and evaluating our impacts in high water
stress and sensitive biodiversity regions.


Management Approach


Our approach to delivering on operational responsibilities
is led by our ESG Operations Council across the enterprise
and each business having leaders for Manufacturing
Operations and for Supply Chain with functional teams
for Environmental, Health and Safety (EHS), Production,
Continuous Improvement, Engineering and Warehouse
Operations.
These teams are cascaded to each production site and warehouse
and distribution center with oversight from a plant manager.
All businesses develop an annual operating plan, which includes
capital planning on a revolving three-year cycle. Projects are
evaluated cross-functionally and within various categories
including maintenance reliability, cost savings, research and
development, growth, EHS, food safety and quality and integration
of newly acquired assets or companies.
At the site level, delivering our operational responsibilities is
founded upon a proprietary, international standards-based EHS
and Sustainability (EHS&S) Management System, including
regular internal and external auditing and effective corrective
action implementation. In addition, each operating company
maintains additional safety policies, measures and procedures
specific to its individual needs.


2023 ESG Focus Areas


1. EHS&S Data and KPIs
Our focus is on driving continuous
improvements in our processes to
collect, consolidate and analyze
comprehensive EHS&S data across our operational sites.
2. Energy and GHG Emissions
Our focus is on pursuing our
commitment to reduce Scope 1 and
2 GHG emissions through business specific goal roadmaps.
3. Environmental Stewardship
Our focus is on continuing to
optimize our operations to reduce
our impacts on natural resources,
especially in stressed or sensitive
locations, and minimize waste
to landfills.


EHS AND SUSTAINABILITY DATA AND KPIS




Post is committed to providing products and services to our
customers with zero harm to people and the environment. This
vision is based upon a belief that EHS&S management across our
owned and operated sites is fundamental to being a responsible
company. We are also committed to being transparent with
our performance and aligning data collection processes and
disclosures with leading standards, such as the Global Reporting
Initiative (GRI), the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
(SASB), the Greenhouse Gas Protocol (GHG Protocol) and relevant
state and local reporting programs.
The pursuit of our vision is guided by our Global EHS&S Policy,
which all employees, contractors and visitors are required and
supported to understand and follow. Our approach to EHS&S
excellence is driven by all operational sites using a proprietary
EHS&S Management System, which has the following core
characteristics:
• Aligns with national and international standards (such as ANSI
Z-10 and ISO 45001).
• Designed around a comprehensive framework of 16 EHS&S
elements establishing approximately 2,000 auditable
requirements.
• Provides comprehensive knowledge and skills training to
ensure employees perform assigned tasks safely, efficiently
and in a manner that reduces risk to both the employee
and the company.
• Supports our operations to be compliant with EHS&S laws,
rules and regulations.




EHS&S Management System Elements


1. Leadership and Administration
2. Training
3. Planned Inspections and Maintenance
4. Accident/Incident Investigation and Analysis
5. Compliance, Rules and Permits
6. Ergonomics
7. Health and Hygiene Controls
8. General Promotion
9. Group Communication
10. Emergency Preparedness
11. Engineering Controls and Change Management
12. Environmental
13. Contractors
14. Claims and Medical Management
15. Motor Fleet Safety
16. Program Assessment
In addition, each business maintains additional EHS policies,
measures and procedures specific to its individual needs.
All sites are internally audited annually, and sites are also
externally audited by third-party providers, customers and
regulators. Our senior leadership team and our Board receive
periodic updates regarding the performance of our safety and
risk management system and our risk mitigation activities.
The following sections cover our approach to key operational
responsibility topics. In addition to this information, please
refer to the following for more detailed and the most current
EHS&S data:


The EHS&S management system establishes approximately
2,000 auditable requirements.


HEALTH AND SAFETY




Post is proud of our health and safety performance, which has
consistently outperformed industry rates for food manufacturing
companies (NAICS 311) over the past five years. This is not
something we can take for granted and are committed to
maintaining a healthy and safe workplace for our employees.
Through regular communications between safety teams and
leaders, we strive to continuously improve and update our safety
protocols and practices.


Our Commitment: 


Our vision to provide products and services
to our customers with zero harm to people and the environment.


Our Progress in Fiscal Year 2022: 


In the past year,
Post accomplished the following key actions:
• Refreshed our Global EHS&S Policy.
• Enhanced our robust risk management process aimed at
addressing three key components to health and safety:
(1) identifying hazards in our operations; (2) assessing risks
associated with all hazards or conditions identified; and
(3) mitigating risk associated with the known hazards
and conditions.
• Completed approximately 50 EHS&S audits across our sites
using a combination of internal and external auditors to
audit regulatory compliance and conformance to our EHS&S
Management System requirements.


OSHA Recordable Rate 
2018
3.21
2019
2.80
2020
2.97
2021
2.58
2022
1.89
2021 Food Mfg Industry Average (NAICS 311)
4.8


OSHA Lost Time Injury Rate
2018
0.91
2019
0.73
2020
1.20
2021
1.13
2022
0.56
2021 Food Mfg Industry Average (NAICS 311)
2.1




GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS AND CLIMATE CHANGE


The latest report from the International Panel on Climate Change
(IPCC) projects the next two decades to be critical in limiting
global warming and minimizing climate variability. As a global
consumer packaged goods company, we have a responsibility
to our stakeholders to reduce our GHG emission impacts in
alignment with leading science and scenario projections, while
also building resiliency to acute and chronic climate events and
emerging climate-related transition policies where we operate.


Our Commitment: 


30% reduction in the GHG emissions in
our direct operations (Scope 1 and Scope 2) by 2030 (FY2020
baseline).


Our Progress in Fiscal Year 2022: 


In Phase 2 of our five-phase
GHG Goal Roadmap, Post was focused on pursuing a 5% reduction
milestone through the following key actions accomplished in fiscal
year 2022:
• Conducted site-by-site diagnostic to evaluate the
implementation status of common efficiency opportunities
and project potential GHG reductions to 2025.
• Completed energy and GHG assessments at multiple sites
with third-party expert partners and internally using treasure
hunt techniques.
• Shared best practices between businesses during monthly ESG
Operations Council meetings and at our annual ESG Summit.
• Initiated evaluations of potential renewable energy projects at
multiple locations in North America.


Weetabix Renewable Energy


In 2022, Weetabix took another
big step in reducing its carbon
footprint by partnering with
U.K.-based green energy
supplier SmartestEnergy to
supply 100% of its electricity
demand with natural renewable
sources audited and assured
by the Carbon Trust. Weetabix
continues to explore Science
Based Targets and will set new
2030 targets in 2023 with an
ambition of operating as a net
zero business by 2050.


Michael Foods Better Plants


Michael Foods joined the
Department of Energy Better
Plants Program in 2022,
which works with leading
manufacturers to boost their
efficiency, resilience, and
economic competitiveness
through making improvements
in energy efficiency.
Participating companies set
specific energy, water and
waste reduction goals, and
commit to reducing energy
intensity by typically 25% over
a 10-year period across all their
U.S. operations.




GHG Emissions and Intensity: Scope 1 and 2
(mtCO2e and production volume intensity)


FY2020
Scope 1 GHG Emissions
315K
Scope 2 GHG Emissions
332K
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Intensity
171


FY2021
Scope 1 GHG Emissions
300K
Scope 2 GHG Emissions
296K
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Intensity
146


FY2022
Scope 1 GHG Emissions
306K
Scope 2 GHG Emissions
274K
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Intensity
133


For fiscal year 2022, our Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions were 306,174 and
274,252 mtCO2e, respectively. Compared to our fiscal year 2020 baseline,
Post achieved a 10.2% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions.
Our Scope 3 GHG emissions data is available within the Sourcing Responsibility
section of this report.


Our Next Steps: 


In Phases 3-5 of our GHG Goal Roadmap, we
will be focused on the following to reduce our GHG emissions and
achieve our 2030 goal:


Phase
Year
Theme
% Range
Reduction
3
2023-2024
Implement high return on investment
opportunities and best practices;
further promote an optimization
culture specific to energy and
GHG emissions; evaluate capital
investments including initiating
implementation of renewable energy
projects.
5-10%
4
2025-2027
Realize benefits of capital
investments and take advantage of
more accessible renewable energy
sourcing options.
10-15%
5
2028-2030
Strategically pursue closing the goal
gap including leveraging available
innovations and technologies.
5%


For climate change resiliency, Post is aligned with the Task
Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
recommendations including maintaining a global assessment
of climate risks and opportunities. Our assessment utilizes the
following four scenarios:


Scenario #1


Higher Physical Risk, Lower
Transition Risk
Short-term (0-2 years) to
Medium-term (2-5 years)
Extreme Global Warming, 3° C
or Higher Scenario


Scenario #2


Higher Physical Risks, Higher
Transition Risks
Medium-term (2-5 years) to
Long-term (5-10 years)




Scenario #3


Lower Physical Risks, Lower
Transition Risks
Medium-term (2-5 years) to
Long-term (5-10 years)


Scenario #4


Lower Physical Risks, Higher
Transition Risks
Long-term (5-10 years)
Low-Carbon, 1.5° C Scenario
of Rapid Decarbonization


Based upon our global assessment, we have the following climate
scenario exposure for our operational sites:


Value Chain
Component
Current Exposure
Future Projection
Owned and Operated Production Sites
Over 75% of our owned
and operated production
sites are exposed to
Scenario #3, approximately
25% exposed to either
Scenario #4 or Scenario
#1, and a small percentage
to Scenario #2.
We project more of our sites will
be exposed to Scenario #4 as
policy and market requirements
are expected to increase. It
is possible some sites could
transition to Scenario #2 with
increased exposure to both
higher physical and transition
risks.
Warehouse and Distribution Sites
Approximately 90% of our
warehouse and distribution
sites are exposed to
Scenario #3 and the
remainder distributed
across the other three
scenarios.
We project the exposure for
these non-production sites to
remain steady with the potential
that some sites may transition
from Scenario #3 to #1.
Raw Material Sourcing
Post Holdings is in the process of further evaluating our raw
material sourcing from direct and indirect suppliers following
a similar four-scenario method to what was used for our
owned and operated sites. Based upon our production sites
being in Canada, the United States and the United Kingdom,
we expect that the risk profile of our raw material sourcing
will be like that of our production and warehouse portfolios.
For additional information on our TCFD alignment and climate
resiliency progress, see Appendix: TCFD Disclosure and our CDP
Climate Disclosure at www.cdp.net.


WATER AND WASTEWATER




Post is committed to taking action to reduce overall water
consumption and effectively manage wastewater discharge
to protect the health of local watersheds in support of UN
Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) 6. To be a responsible
company, our efforts related to water stewardship must be aligned
with providing high-quality and safe products to our consumers.
We also realize that not all water is equal, so we are committed
to assessing our water impact, particularly in high water stress
environments. We all play a role, across the world, to work
together in addressing shared water challenges including water
quantity, water quality, water governance, important water-related
ecosystems, water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH) and resiliency
to extreme weather events.


Our Commitment: 


Assess our water impact, particularly in high-stress environments.


Our Progress in Fiscal Year 2022: 


In the past year, Post focused
on conducting a global water risk assessment of our operational
sites and enhancing our data collection capabilities to understand
water sourcing, use and discharge. Post currently has owned and
operated production sites and warehouses and distribution centers
in North America and the United Kingdom. To assess sites located
in regions of potentially high water stress, we used the following
data sources:
World Resources Institute (WRI) Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas
WWF Water Risk Filter
FEMA National Risk Index


Based upon our assessment, Post has identified the following
breakdown of sites by water stress level projected to 2030:
Water Stress Level
Production Sites
Warehouse and Distribution Sites
High
3%
3%
Medium
20%
6%
Low
77%
91%


Water Use and Intensity (million gallons and production volume intensity)


Year
Water User
Water Use Intensity
FY2020
1,093
0.288
FY2021
1,336
0.327
FY2022
1,241
0.288


Incoming Water Sources


Third-Party Provider
54%
Groundwater
46 %


Compared to our fiscal year 2020 baseline, Post has had a 13.5% increase
in total water use but a 1.5% decrease in water use intensity. Approximately
5.5% of water use is in regions of high water stress. Our wastewater discharge
volume for fiscal year 2022 was 1,769 million gallons.


Our Next Steps: 


Post will use the results of our global water risk
assessment, combined with our water and wastewater data, to
inform decisions on further assessment, actions and investments.
A priority focus will be placed on sites located in high water stress
geographies to confirm sound water stewardship practices and
consider watershed engagement opportunities.


WASTE MINIMIZATION




Waste minimization, recycling and reuse is of the utmost
importance to our business, the environment and society. To
reduce waste to landfill, we continuously work to identify and
implement best practices throughout our enterprise to eliminate
waste and optimize material recycling and reuse.


Our Commitment: 


Assess our waste to landfill across the
enterprise.


Our Progress in Fiscal Year 2022: 


In the past year, Post was
focused on understanding and validating our baseline waste
generation, streams and diversion from landfill. Post has achieved
an overall diversion from landfill rate of 90% for all non-hazardous
waste generated that was recycled or reused. This has been
achieved due to our Weetabix business maintaining zero waste
to landfill since 2016, our Michael Foods business diverting over
93% of waste materials from landfills due to recycle, reuse
and repurpose efforts and our Post Consumer Brands business
achieving a 96% landfill diversion rate.
In fiscal year 2022, Post generated 866.7 million pounds of
non-hazardous waste with 90% of this waste able to be diverted
from landfills through recycling or reuse. Compared to our fiscal
year 2020 baseline, Post has reduced total non-hazardous waste
generation by 12.5%.


Our Next Steps: 


As waste service contracts are renewed at
sites, we are working to eliminate wastes and optimize reuse and
recycling. We will also continue to drive best practice sharing
across our enterprise to further pursue our commitment to
reducing waste to landfill.


Non-Hazardous Waste and Landfill Diversion (million pounds and percent diversion from landfill)


Year
Waste Disposed
Waste Recycled
Landfill Diversion
FY2020
87.8
902.3
84%
FY2021
77.4
911.2
92%
FY2022
87.5
779.2
90%


Waste Recycled


Landfill Diversion (%)


Post Consumer Brands Commits to Designing for 100%
Recyclable Cereal Packaging by 2025


Post Consumer Brands believes that one way to make the world a
better place is by continuously improving packaging so it uses fewer
materials and is easier for consumers to recycle. Over the past few
years, the research and development team focused on reducing the
amount of packaging needed for our products, including reducing
plastic film usage in our cereal bags by more than one million
pounds. The team accomplished this by decreasing the thickness
of the bags in most Post and Malt-O-Meal cereal products, while
still maintaining their overall durability and quality. Plastic isn’t the
only packaging material we’re working to reduce our usage of.
Last year, we reduced paper packaging material usage by about
930,000 pounds.
Early in 2022, the team shifted their focus to recyclability, and Post
Consumer Brands committed to designing for 100% recyclable
cereal and product packaging by 2025. Currently, about 90% of
the packaging materials, by weight, that Post Consumer Brands
uses in manufacturing plants are made from recycled content or
renewable resources and can be recycled by consumers.


CHEP Pallet Program


We are proud to work with CHEP, a trusted partner and global leader in sustainably moving
goods. CHEP has a share and reuse pallet program that helps bring several efficiencies and
environmental benefits to our sites in comparison with one-way, single-use solutions. In 2022, our manufacturing operations using CHEP pallets avoided the following environmental impacts:
pounds of CO2 equivalents (or 18,790 acres of U.S. forests)
34M
board-feet of lumber (or 1,341 mature trees)
589K
pounds of waste generated (or waste generated by
1,873 average U.S. citizens)
3.4M






Niagara Zero Waste Facility


The Post Consumer Brands Niagara Falls plant has been a zero
waste-to-landfill site for seven years, after successful efforts
to eliminate manufacturing and food waste from ending up in a
landfill, by either recycling or reusing it.


Meet the dedicated team who ensures that waste is managed
safely and efficiently and in a sustainable way that benefits the
company, the community and our natural resources.


Hard-Cooked Egg Waste


Michael Foods is negotiating a waste initiative at one
of its plants that specializes in hard-cooked eggs.
During the production process, eggs that do not
comply with customer specifications are traditionally
removed from the production line and sent to the
landfill. This waste material is high in protein and
other key nutrients and should be beneficially reused
and not become food waste. The proposed initiative
would repurpose the hard-cooked egg waste into an
ingredient in pet food. This project has the potential
to divert approximately 2,500 tons of waste from the
landfill each year, as well as achieve significant cost
savings for the business.


BIODIVERSITY




Post believes in the need to operate in harmony with nature and
ecosystems. Maintaining biodiversity, especially for sensitive or
threatened habitats, is fundamentally important to protecting flora
and fauna, preserving local culture, combating climate change and
supporting a stable economy.


Our Commitment: 


Assess our proximity to biodiversity sensitive
habitats.


Our Progress in Fiscal Year 2022: 


In the past year, Post focused
on conducting a global biodiversity assessment, which evaluated
the proximity of our owned and operated production sites and
warehouse and distribution centers to sensitive or threatened
habitats and species. To assess site proximity, we used the
following recognized data sources:
Alliance for Zero Extinction (AZE) Global AZE Map
Conservation International Biodiversity Hotspots and Critical
Ecosystem Partnership Fund (CEPF)
Key Biodiversity Areas (KBA) Partnership


Based upon our assessment, Post identified the following
breakdown of sites by proximity to protected areas and areas
of high biodiversity:


Proximity
Production Sites
Warehouse & Distribution Sites
Not Near
88%
84%
Within
10 miles
12%
9% within large North
American Coastal Plain
in southeast and eastern
U.S.; 3% near Great Rivers
Confluence or the Niagara
River Corridor
16%
10% within the large North
American Coastal Plain in
southeast and eastern U.S.;
3% within the large California
Floristic Province; 3% located
near the Boundary Bay –
Roberts Bank – Sturgeon Bank
(Fraser River Estuary) or the
Midewin National Tallgrass
Prairie


Our Next Steps: 


The results of our assessment, combined with
our environmental data, is used to inform decisions on further
assessment to confirm no direct or indirect impacts, actions
to monitor and mitigate any future impacts, and investments
including consideration for prioritizing local community
engagement initiatives.


The Queen’s Green Canopy


In recognition of her late
Majesty’s Jubilee, Weetabix
wanted to celebrate in a way that
benefits its local surroundings.
That is why we committed to
planting one tree for every
Weetabix employee, which
equals 1,000 trees, creating a
green space for years to come
that everyone can enjoy.
Read More


Post Consumer Brands Natural Prairie and Pollinator Plants


The grassy areas surrounding Post Consumer Brands’
headquarters building were planted with native Minnesota prairie
grasses. Each year Minnesota Native Landscapes comes out to
manage these areas. This year the building management team
hired them to also add additional seedings of pollinator plants.
These plants will allow pollinators to carry pollen from one plant
to another, fertilizing plants and allowing them to make fruit
seeds. Pollinator health is critical to our food system and the
diversity of life across the world.


PILLAR NO.3 Product Responsibility




OUR AMBITION


Our highest priority is the quality and safety of our
products, which is foundational to our organization
and culture. We are committed to maintaining and
continuously improving our food safety management
systems and making packaging more sustainable,
but only where it is possible to also ensure the quality
and safety of the food.


Business Relevance


As a consumer packaged goods holding company with
businesses operating in the center-of-the store, refrigerated,
foodservice and food ingredient categories, our products are
our business.
The Post companies produce a wide variety of products within
our portfolio, including:
• Post Consumer Brands: Ready-to-eat cereal and nut butters
• Michael Foods: Foodservice, primarily egg and potato products
• Bob Evans Farms: Retail side dish, egg, cheese and sausage
products
• Weetabix: Ready-to-eat cereal, muesli and protein-based
ready-to-drink shakes
• 8th Avenue Food & Provisions: Nut butters, healthy snacks
and pasta
Our products are also distributed to a range of customers
including high-volume food distributors, retailers, club stores,
supercenters, mass merchandisers and national restaurant chains.
Our companies also market private brand foods.
Post is committed to a holistic approach to product responsibility
including food safety and quality as the highest priority and
complemented with continued advancements in sustainable
packaging, responsible marketing and certifications.




Management Approach


Our approach to delivering on product responsibilities
engages multiple functions within our organization and
initiatives within each business given unique product
category requirements.
Our Chief Compliance Officer leads enterprise-wide strategy,
planning and execution in the areas of quality, EHS, safety and
compliance. Post Holdings and each of our operating companies
has a quality and food safety leader, supported by appropriate
teams and resources. The quality and food safety teams are
accountable for maintaining Food Safety Management Systems
including developing and implementing policies, procedures,
training and risk-based controls tailored to the products and
processes of their respective operating company.
Sustainable packaging is led by our Vice President of Packaging
and supported by a team of packaging specialists within Post
Holdings and individual businesses. Product innovation and
marketing is led by each business based upon unique product
categories and brands, customers, consumers and markets.


2023 ESG Focus Areas


1. Food Quality and Safety
Our focus is on defining effective
processes to advance our product
responsibility efforts while
maintaining the quality and
safety of our products as the
highest priority.
2. Sustainable Packaging
Our focus is on supporting each
business to advance sustainable
packaging, including active
participation in the Sustainable
Packaging Coalition, implementing
How2Recycle labels across
products and outlining forward looking roadmaps.
3. Responsible Marketing
Our focus is on continuous
enhancement of our processes to
ensure our products are responsibly
marketed.


FOOD QUALITY AND SAFETY




Food Safety Management Systems


We verify the effective implementation of food safety management
systems at our manufacturing and warehousing facilities through
the use of internal and third-party audits. Third-party auditors
assess our company-owned and co-manufacturer facilities alike
against international standards such as SQF, BRC and FSSC22000,
which have been approved by the Global Food Safety Initiative
(GFSI). GFSI is a global organization for benchmarking and
harmonizing of food safety auditing and certifications standards.
For our supplier facilities, we implement risk-based quality
management programs whereby external assessments are
evaluated against the GFSI approved standards.
We have processes in place to quickly identify and communicate
food safety risks and drive timely risk management, including,
where necessary, recall measures. Our ingredients, packaging
materials, finished products and critical controls are traced,
enabling us to investigate and address any potential concerns in
the marketplace. Our internal food safety assurance systems are
able to continuously monitor for errors during production. These
systems position Post to proactively withdraw affected products in
a timely manner and in compliance with all applicable regulations.
In fiscal year 2022, the Post businesses had one product recall
related to mislabeling of a small quantity of product.


Continuous Improvement


We are committed to continuously improving our food safety
management systems. We define, track and report on metrics for
safety of products and robustness of our preventive controls. We
set targets and invest resources in our facilities to drive continuous
improvement in those metrics and our food safety management
systems. Each year, hundreds of our employees go through various
food safety and regulatory training. Some trainings we offer include
Preventive Controls Qualified Individual (PCQI), Foreign Supplier
Verification Program (FSVP), Allergen, Hazard Analysis and Critical
Control Points (HACCP) and other certification and improvement
topics as part of our training protocols.
We are also actively engaged in various industry organizations that
also help monitor regulations, best practices and innovation and
inform our decision making such as Consumer Brands Association,
Institute for Food Technologists and Food and Drink Federation, as
well as sector-specific organizations (e.g., North American Meat
Institute).


100%
GFSI-Certified
or Equivalent
Company-Owned
Facilities
100%
GFSI-Certified
or Equivalent
Co-Manufacturers
Used as Suppliers




SUSTAINABLE PACKAGING




Industry Alignment


Post’s commitment to sustainable packaging is aligned with the
mission of the Sustainable Packaging Coalition (SPC), which we
joined as an enterprise, providing the opportunity for all of our
businesses to actively participate and leverage available technical
resources. SPC membership also exposes us to new ideas,
allows us to network with other leadership companies and offers
potential collaboration opportunities with SPC. Weetabix follows
the aims of WRAP’s UK Plastics Pack and joined as a member in
the past year.


Consumer Engagement


While we are committed to continuously improving our packaging,
it is important to ensure consumers have the necessary
information to do their part to optimize recycling. Post committed
to implementing How2Recycle (H2R) labels across our portfolio of
brands and products and in 2022 developed an internal guideline
to help accelerate efforts across all businesses. H2R is the next
generation recycling label that helps inform consumers how to
dispose of or recycle packaging accurately and where to go if they
need to find information specific to their municipality.
In the U.K., our Weetabix business ran a campaign with
sustainability influencer Dougie Poynter to encourage our drinks
lovers to recycle their bottles and will be rolling out consumer
communications across social media accounts to remind everyone
to do their part.


How2Recycle Labeling System


“ I’m excited about where
we are today, as well as
where we are headed on
our packaging sustainability
journey. Our core strategies,
which encompass quality,
supply assurance and total
cost are all aligned with our
sustainability goals.”
Dave Brown
Senior Vice President, Chief Procurement Officer,
Post Holdings


85%
Our Post Consumer Brands business has defined H2R
labels for 85% of branded products.


Packaging Innovation


During fiscal year 2022, our Post Consumer Brands business
announced a new commitment to design for 100% recyclable
cereal and product packaging across its product base by 2025.
The business is currently at 90% recyclable packaging due to
a focus for several years on reducing the amount of packaging
necessary for our products. For example, we reduced plastic
film usage in cereal bags by more than one million pounds while
maintaining overall durability and quality. The year before, the
Post Consumer Brands team reduced paper packaging material
usage by about 930,000 pounds. The packaging research and
development teams are working to identify solutions to further
close the gap.
Low-impact packaging is one of four strategic pillars of our
Weetabix Change for Better sustainability strategy. The focus
is on reducing the overall impact of our packaging, which means
taking a holistic view of all packaging choices and ensuring that
they reduce waste and reduce emissions.
Weetabix achieved 100% recyclability for all packaging, believing
this is the best option for its food-grade packaging. This was
achieved by successful changes, such as:
• Shifting to 100% recyclable bottles and reducing plastic by 10%
for the Weetabix On The Go drinks range.
• Introducing an innovative new wrap for Weetabix, which is 100%
recyclable in curbside collections.
Many packaging innovations we are pursuing also result in carbon
reductions. For example, the above two achievements also
reduced our carbon footprint, removing 9% from our drinks range
and 20% from Weetabix packaging.
Food preservation also must remain front of mind in all our
packaging decisions as food waste is arguably a bigger threat
to the environment than packaging waste, with a bigger carbon
footprint. While there are plastic-free options available, many of
them don’t keep our food fresh resulting in food waste and an
increase in carbon footprint compared to our existing packaging.
Last year, Weetabix developed a model that predicts the effect of
different materials on food waste, and it has been successful in
helping select materials to trial. We remain committed to doing all
the due diligence to find the best environmental solutions to keep
the impact of our packaging low.


“ We’re working all the time
to optimize the materials we
use in our packaging so that
we achieve the best balance of
product protection and lowest
impact. This helps make
progress on the sustainability
front, but it also ensures
our business operates as
efficiently as we can.”
Mark Tyrrell
Weetabix Packaging Development Manager


RESPONSIBLE MARKETING




Post produces a wide portfolio of products that meet a variety
of consumer needs including value, taste, availability, nutrition
and sustainability. We are committed to responsibly marketing
and communicating about our products, across all media, so
consumers can make informed choices. We are proud of our
brands and understand the importance of being transparent
and accurate with our advertising and packaging. We ensure our
marketing programs conform to applicable laws and regulations
as well as local policies.


Labeling and Nutrition


As a food company, we give directions on proper preparation of our
products and include detailed product labels providing information
to consumers on ingredients and nutrition. In fact, our Post
Consumer Brands business has a webpage dedicated to helping
consumers read new nutrition facts labels.
Post has nutrition-focused technical teams across our businesses
that monitor consumer nutrition trends and participate in
innovation. We encourage a healthy lifestyle, and our food
products fit into a varied diet with a variety of product offerings.
Post actively participates in targeted nutrition and school
meal programs.


Product Certifications and Attributes


Post acknowledges the trend towards certified or labeled
products, which is of growing interest to customers, consumers
and investors. As part of our approach to responsible marketing,
as previously described, we seek to only use credible certification
frameworks and auditable practices. The Post businesses offer
products across a range of certifications and clearly labeled
attributes, such as:
WIC eligible
Halal
USDA Organic
Kosher-Certified
Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil
American Humane Certified
Cage Free
Non-GMO Project Verified
Gluten Free
Climate-Friendly (check out our Airly® Brand!)
Plant-based
Grain Free
Keto-Friendly
Allergens
Vegan


PILLAR NO. 4 Social Responsibility




OUR AMBITION


Post is committed to attracting, engaging, retaining and safeguarding a diverse,
talented and inclusive workforce and views this as fundamental to being a
responsible business and achieving business results. We want to value the
differences that make each of us unique, and we want to have a workforce that
is representative of the communities in which we live and work. By achieving this
ambition, we will be better positioned to engage in the community and with our
consumers, ensuring that feeding people is at the heart of everything we do.


Business Relevance


Empowering our people and genuinely engaging in the
communities where we live and work has never been more
important to the success of our business.
The past few years, including the COVID-19 pandemic and
hybrid work, have introduced some unique challenges and
opportunities for maintaining our existing workforce and recruiting
new talent to our organization. This is uncharted territory that
has presented new learnings on nearly a daily basis and a
dynamic we must collectively navigate and do so in a respectful,
equitable and unbiased manner. As a public company, we have
social responsibilities across all aspects of our business, from
our Board and executive management to our local operations
and community engagement and throughout our supply chain.
As a holding company, we have unique aspects to consider given
our 10,416 employees are spread across five distinct businesses
and two continents. Delivering on these responsibilities requires
continuous improvements in both behaviors (e.g., mindsets,
skillsets and relationships) and structure (e.g., policies, processes
and practices).


Management Approach


Our approach to delivering on social responsibilities is, by
nature of the breadth of the pillar, led by multiple functions
within our organization and complemented by initiatives
within each company.
Our Chief Human Resources Officer is supported by functional
leaders for Total Rewards, Compensation and Benefits, Corporate
Facilities, Corporate Recruitment and Talent Management. Our
Senior Vice President and Chief Safety and Compliance Officer
oversees the safety, compliance and ethics for our workforce and
products and is supported by functional leaders for Food Safety,
Compliance and Ethics and Environmental, Health and Safety
(EHS). Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) program is led
by a DEI Council with representatives from all businesses and
complemented by business-specific DEI initiatives. The Council’s
executive sponsors are our Post Holdings President and CEO
and our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Chief
Administrative Officer. Community engagement and employee
volunteering is led by a cross-functional Corporate Giving
Committee and a People Committee. Each of our businesses also
has complementary plans, programs and committees.


2023 ESG Focus Areas


1. Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Our focus is on supporting our DEI
Council’s strategy and five focus
areas: speak-up culture; global
newsletter; DEI training; employee
resource groups; and revamping
job descriptions.
2. Empowering People
Our focus is on engaging employees
in our ESG program across the
enterprise and also to further
integrate ESG into our recruitment
and talent management processes.
3. Community Engagement
Our focus is on further alignment
opportunities between our donations
and volunteer efforts and ESG
program and priorities.


Current Employee Snapshot


Total Employees (as of November 1, 2022, excluding 8th Avenue Food & Provisions)
10,416


Languages Spoken
Languages spoken include, but are
not limited to, English, Spanish,
Somali and Creole. Employee
materials are generally written to
accommodate these languages. In
addition, employees also have access
to translation services when enrolling
for benefits or when they have
questions related to benefits.


Employees by Geographic Location
84%
United States
10%
United Kingdom
4%
Canada
2%
Other


Proportion of Females
30%
Board of Directors
34%
Total Employees


Employees by Ethnicity
Non-Minority
56%
Minority
34%
Not Disclosed
10%


Employees by Age
30–50 Years Old
44%
>50 Years Old
38%
<30 Years Old
18%


DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION




Post believes a culture that prioritizes diversity, equity and
inclusion (DEI) has a sustained, positive impact on our work
environment, our people and our results. We are committed to
building and maintaining that culture. We value the differences
that make each of us unique and strive to have a workforce
that is representative of the communities in which we live and
work. Celebrating the diversity of our employees makes us a
better organization, gives us broader perspectives and leads
to a more enriched professional atmosphere that drives
business performance.
In addition to celebrating diversity, we strive to ensure inclusion
for every employee, and seek to identify and eliminate any barriers
that may prevent full opportunity and participation at all levels
of the organization. We understand that diversity alone does not
create an inclusive and equitable workplace. Success can only
be achieved if we treat everyone with respect, which requires
a workplace that embraces DEI, acknowledges everyone’s
human rights, both personally and professionally, and supports
these rights under the law. Each of us has a right to work in an
environment free from harassment, discrimination, violence
and retaliation.
Post put our commitments into action through a methodical
process to ensure DEI is embedded into our culture and the
results are lasting:
1. DEI Council formed with key goal of
promoting and fostering DEI efforts
across the enterprise.
2. Conducted a Maturity Assessment to
define current state for all businesses
and in partnership with a leading
global organizational consulting firm.
3. Established DEI Council Strategy
with a consistent reporting structure
in place for all businesses to track
and share progress.
4. Include updates on DEI progress in
quarterly business reviews and our
DEI newsletter.
5. Recognizing and sharing successful
initiatives and achievements.
Our DEI strategy is led by a DEI Council with members from each
company and included the following five focus areas for fiscal
year 2022. Each business has implemented a top-down approach
in supporting the council’s efforts and in promoting the benefits
and need to support the strategy.


DEI Focus Areas




Speak-Up Culture


Encouraging a Speak Up
culture where everyone
in our organization feels
comfortable speaking
up whenever they have a
concern about something
specific or general
without any fear of
retaliation.


Global Newsletter


Our newsletter, A Post
For All, recognizes the
importance of prioritizing
DEI enterprise-wide. By
sharing information on
DEI activities, we also
learn more about our
collective identity and
continue to eliminate
barriers to opportunity.
The newsletter is
produced in multiple
languages.


Employee Resource
Groups


Using the Post Consumer
Brands Women’s
Development Network
as the model, several
businesses are piloting
additional Employee
Resource Groups (ERGs)
with a focus on DEI.


Revamping Job
Specifications


Eliminating unintended
bias in our talent
selection and
management processes.


DEI Standard Training


Training to foster
more inclusive
work environments,
including Speak Up,
Listen Up and Respect
for Others trainings.
E-learning modules
will be distributed to all
businesses early in fiscal
year 2023. In addition,
a DEI Resource List is
maintained with content
across an array of media
covering topics such as
age, allyship, culture,
disability, equity, gender,
inclusion and race and is
available for personal use
and for team discussions.


Gender Equality


Post is committed to creating a fair, empowering and inclusive
work environment, which includes working holistically to ensure
women thrive.
Our Weetabix business demonstrates this commitment through
publishing an annual Gender Pay Report. The median pay gap
for Weetabix has reduced from 4.4% to 3.4% in the past year,
compared to the U.K. average of 15.4% in 2021.
Bob Evans Farms is establishing local Inclusion Councils and
a company-wide Women’s Business Resource Group modeled
after a successful Post Consumer Brands Women’s Development
Network.
To celebrate the 125th anniversary of Grape-Nuts cereal, Post
Consumer Brands donated more than $100,000 to help women
explorers who are blazing new trails by fueling their journeys.
Nine women were selected to be sponsored by Post Consumer
Brands and Grape-Nuts.


Proportion of Females
30%
Board of Directors
34%
Total Employees


Inclusion Without Exception


Our Weetabix business has a broad program called Inclusion
Without Exception, which uses various techniques, including an
annual inclusion survey, to engage the entire workforce and ensure
an inclusive culture. The program is based upon a commitment
to “brilliant people,” believing people do their best work when they
can be themselves. Every Weetabix Executive Leadership Team
member now has a personal objective linked to this very matter.
A key initiative of the program is committing to be a major partner
of Diversity & Inclusion in Grocery, which exists to create a truly
diverse and inclusive industry where everyone feels welcome.


Managers DEI Toolkit


To raise awareness of DEI for leaders and provide tools for how
managers can do their part, our Post Consumer Brands business
launched a Managers DEI Toolkit. In addition, all Post Consumer
Brands leaders are completing the Allyship Education Series
developed by the Minnesota Business Coalition for Racial Equity,
which is a coalition of over 80 Minnesota-based organizations
committed to building more equitable, inclusive environments.


“ Allyship resources and education are
aimed at raising awareness to how each
of us can be an ally to others. We started
the rollout with leaders because of the
important role they play in helping build
a more inclusive culture where all team
members’ voices are heard and valued.”
Mahlia Matsch
Senior Manager and DEI Committee Leader, Post Consumer Brands


DEI Leadership Commitment and Values
Individual businesses have established a commitment to
DEI and integrated as a foundation into company values,
such as demonstrated in these Bob Evans Farms videos:


Mental Health First Aiders


A key component of an inclusive culture is acknowledging
the importance of mental health and that it should be openly
discussed and supported. In fiscal year 2022, our Weetabix
business collaborated with the Mental Health First Aid Program
in England and now has 27 trained “Mental Health First Aiders”
on staff and counting. The First Aiders are trained in suicide
prevention, depression, panic attacks and anxiety, as well as how
to identify the signs of a mental health crisis and how to better
assist a person in need. Weetabix also became a member of
Employers for Carers to provide a range of support for those who
have caring responsibilities and make caring visible, valued and supported.


Culture Sharing


Post believes we should value the differences that make each
of us unique and have a workforce that is representative of the
communities in which we live and work. In fiscal year 2022,
leaders at all Michael Foods locations shared information about
their background with their teams, including family, sports teams,
work and educational history and favorite foods. Employees have
also been sharing their culture through food at many locations,
which has been immensely popular with employees, inspired pride
in culture and strengthened a communal feeling of inclusion.
Our DEI journey includes being mindful and thoughtful about all
aspects of diversity, including seen and unseen disabilities for both
candidates in the hiring process and employees.
Bob Evans Farms is committed to ensuring our workplace is
accommodating for all, including supporting the National Disability
Employment Awareness Month (NDEAM). NDEAM is observed
each October to commemorate the many and varied contributions
of people with disabilities to America’s workplaces and economy.
In addition to supporting NDEAM, Bob Evans Farms is committed
to supporting inclusive organizations in the communities, such as
Canine Companions, Ronald McDonald House and others.


TALENT MANAGEMENT




Our people are critical to our success. While each of our
businesses generally operates autonomously to implement its
talent acquisition and management strategies with respect to its
employees, we align to provide a safe, rewarding and respectful
workplace where employees have opportunities to pursue
development and career paths based on their skills, performance
and potential.
Acquiring, developing, engaging and retaining a diverse and
talented workforce is key to accomplishing our talent acquisition,
management and retention goals, and to achieving business results.
We continue to enhance our talent acquisition philosophy across
the enterprise through community outreach initiatives, providing
training and resources to our recruiters and people leaders on
interviewing skills, and by enhancing our career websites and
resources, including the number of job boards we use to post
career opportunities.


Succession Planning and Talent Mobility


We believe encouraging internal mobility is a key strategy
to reducing attrition by retaining critical talent across our
organization, as well as building succession plans with their future
roles in mind. We continue to implement initiatives to encourage
and remove barriers to internal mobility opportunities, including
actively tracking and discussing internal talent.


Total Rewards


Our Total Rewards programs, plans and policies are designed to be
comprehensive and competitive and support our business goals, as
well as be cost effective and promote shared fiscal responsibility.
To support the health and financial needs of our employees, we
offer competitive fixed and/or variable pay, and a suite of benefit
plans and programs to eligible employees including medical,
prescription drug, dental, vision, life insurance, disability coverage,
employee assistance programs (which includes counseling,
coaching, online programs, critical incident services, work/life
balance services, finance/ID theft and legal assistance) and
defined benefit and defined contribution retirement plans.
We continue to review, evaluate and implement solutions and
resources that address the physical, mental health and overall
well-being of our employees. With the introduction of virtual
primary care, we eliminated some of the obstacles that can create
barriers to care. Our virtual care solution focuses on care of the
whole person, including providing support treatment and resources
for specific diseases. Our virtual solution is designed to provide
options for a diversified employee workforce.
Generally, our businesses also offer parental leave, tuition
reimbursement and time off programs to enjoy time with family
or to care for loved ones. We also offer employee discounts on
certain goods and services, including theme park tickets, gym
memberships, phone services and entertainment attractions.


Work-Life Integration


With operations ranging in various shifts and work hours,
when possible, we offer flexible scheduling and hybrid work
arrangements that allow employees balance between personal
and professional needs. This also translates back to our total
rewards philosophy with balanced benefit offerings, such as
medical plans, which are tailored towards progressivity by
providing a tiered cost structure depending on rate of pay. The
overall well-being of our workforce is key to our success.


COVID-19 Efforts


Throughout the pandemic, we have adhered to our infectious
disease preparedness and response plans, which continue to be
informed by national and local data in the geographies in which
we operate and which have continually been reviewed and updated
by a cross-functional team comprised of human resources, health
and safety and other employees across our organization as the
COVID-19 pandemic has evolved. At various points during the
pandemic, we have implemented a variety of safety measures to
protect the health and safety of our employees. As the number of
critical COVID-19 cases began to trend downward, and consistent
with national and local health department direction, certain
pandemic-related safety measures were relaxed at our corporate
offices and manufacturing facilities. However, if these trends
were to reverse or a vaccine-resistant variant were to emerge and
become prevalent, we would reevaluate our safety protocols at
that time and implement any additional safety protocols needed.
Emerging from the pandemic, we continue to highlight, invest in
and recognize the importance of our employees to the success of
our businesses.


“ We are focused on providing sustainable
career progression and growth — by
giving multiple opportunities for our
talent to apply and expand their skills
and knowledge — through experiences,
training and engagement.”
Karen Little
Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer, Post Holdings, Inc.


Training and Educational Resources


Another key factor in our human capital management strategy
is providing development opportunities and resources for our
employees. We offer a variety of training and development
programs. In addition, we encourage building individual
development plans and offer a large array of training resources,
ranging from technical skills to communication and performance
feedback. We also provide robust compliance training. Our
training initiatives include such opportunities as annual Code
of Conduct and Respect for Each Other, leader feedback and
coaching techniques, writing unbiased job descriptions, privacy
and data protection, productivity and skill building and frontline
leadership development.


The following are examples of unique initiatives in 2022:




Post Holdings, Inc.
Visiting Plant Facilities Program


100%
Goal is to have 100% of corporate employees
visit a plant facility within the next 18 months.
Based on recent engagement survey results and
a follow-up pulse survey, Post Holdings identified
an opportunity for corporate employees to
experience plant facility operations. Employees
visiting plants report improved understanding of
the business, leading to more collaboration and
partnership with the operating units.


Post Consumer Brands
Mentoring Program


88%
Within a few months, 88% of mentees can
already point to specific progress their
mentor has helped them achieve.
All employees at Post Consumer Brands had
the opportunity to apply to the program as a
mentor or mentee. By filling out a questionnaire,
employees were matched together based on a
variety of factors including their work function,
career interests, skills and commitment to the
program. The program highlights how employees
are investing in one another.


Michael Foods
Industrial Maintenance Sponsorship Program


10%
In the next 2-3 years, Michael Foods has a
goal of staffing 10% of their maintenance
organization with participants from the
Industrial Maintenance Sponsorship Program.
Michael Foods is committed to being First in Food
and First in People. The goal of the Industrial
Maintenance Sponsorship Program is to offer
eligible participants the opportunity to receive up
to $5,250 per year for reimbursement of tuition,
fees and books, along with $1,300 worth of tools
and the ability to work part-time while earning a
degree in robotics and automation or industrial
maintenance, or another pre-approved similar
major. There is also the opportunity for a $1,000
sign-on bonus paid over the course of the first
year through this program.




Bob Evans Farms
Leadership Edge Program


93%
93% of the Leadership Participants indicated
the content as having significantly impacted
their management or leadership effectiveness.
Bob Evans Farms designed the Leadership
Edge Program to provide content, support and
accountability to help leaders increase their
effectiveness. In addition to delivering relevant
content, participants increase self-awareness.
Through individual coaching from a professional
coach, participants gain a more personalized
development experience. They also build an
invaluable network of peers that helps implement
newfound knowledge after completing the formal
program.


46


Social Responsibility


COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT




Each year, Post companies support
hundreds of events and organizations in
the communities where we live and work.
Our employees also volunteer in their local
communities for causes they care about.
Our community engagement is one of our
proudest traditions and focuses on four
priority areas:
• Food Insecurity and Hunger Relief
• Veterans and Military Families
• Education and Basic Needs for Kids
• Disaster Relief


Food Insecurity and Hunger Relief


Feeding people is at the
heart of everything we do.
So when we help in our
communities, it’s natural that
we continue in our work to
feed the world, especially
those in the most need.


10M
Lbs of food donated by Post companies
in North America in fiscal year 2022


Feeding America


At the pinnacle of our community engagement
and corporate giving programs, Post Holdings has
been a Leadership or Mission Partner of Feeding
America for the past five years. We are proud to
maintain a long-term partnership with the largest
hunger-relief organization in the United States
with a mission to advance change in America by
ensuring equitable access to nutritious food for
all. The Feeding America network includes 200
food banks and 60,000 food pantries and meal
programs helping provide food assistance to
more than 40 million people facing hunger.


5 years
Post has been a Leadership or Mission Partner
of Feeding America for the past five years


Operation Food Search


In St. Louis, where Post Holdings’ headquarters is
located, we support this hunger relief organization
that provides free food, nutrition education and
innovative programs proven to reduce food
insecurity. The group, which serves over 200,000
individuals monthly, has a mission we can fully
support: to nourish and educate our neighbors in
need to heal the hurt of hunger. Through monetary
donations and volunteer activities, we are helping
the Operation Food Search network serve its 330
community partners in 27 Missouri and Illinois
counties. We also partnered with Operation Food
Search and the Warner’s Warm-up annual coat
drive, which is a two-week community wide effort
collecting approximately 11,000 coats and warm
winter items.


4M
meals donated by Post companies


Food Insecurity and Hunger Relief




FareShare UK and GroceryAid


In the United Kingdom, Weetabix donates food to
more than 11,000 charities through these industry
organizations. And with Magic Breakfast, we
donated over three million breakfasts this year to
those who need it most, because no one should
start their day hungry. Weetabix was honored this
year to receive the GroceryAid Gold Award for
the seventh year running! Gold Award winners
are companies who have participated in eight
activities across all three of GroceryAid’s critical
pillars: Awareness, Fundraising and Volunteering.


3M breakfasts donated in the U.K.




The Better Together Employee Foundation


Funded by Post Consumer Brands’ employee and
retiree contributions, donations and fundraisers,
the foundation provides monetary grants to
families facing hardships. Since its founding, the
Post Consumer Brands employee foundation
has distributed more than $2.6 million through
charitable giving and grants believing that when
we come together to support our communities,
we can make great things happen.


$2.6M distributed through charitable giving grants since its founding


Ingredients for Good


As a food company, we believe we have a
responsibility to help those facing food insecurity,
which is at the core of why Post Consumer Brands
launched a new volunteer initiative, Ingredients
for Good, during April’s National Volunteer Month.
In this first year the initiative achieved:
• 500 employee volunteers
• 700 volunteer hours
• 30,000 meals donated or packed
• 18 nonprofits positively impacted
• $60,000 donated to help address the issue of
food insecurity


30,000 meals donated or packed in the first year


“At Post Consumer Brands,
we’re committed to helping
our neighbors who don’t
have enough to eat. I’m so
proud to see the commitment
our employees have to
their communities, and I
truly appreciate everyone’s
dedication to giving back.
This work is valuable, and it
is making a real difference
in our communities.”
Nicolas Catoggio
President and Chief Executive Officer,
Post Consumer Brands


Food Insecurity and Hunger Relief




Mid-Ohio Food Collective


Bob Evans Farms, headquartered in Ohio, has
continuously grown its relationship with Ohio’s
largest food bank since 1994. Participation
includes financial donations, food collection
drives, volunteering and in-kind donations, with
the goal to help end hunger in Ohio communities.
Employees volunteer at the main food bank,
processing food products and answering phones
during annual fundraiser telethon days, and work
at the Mid-Ohio Farm, harvesting fresh produce
and preparing the property for the next season.
In 2021, the Bob Evans Farms Foundation made
a multi-year commitment to the Mid-Ohio Food
Collective with a donation pledge of $1,000,000
over four years ($125,000 annually in cash donations
and $125,000 annually in product donations).


$1M donation pledged over four years


Second Harvest Heartland


Post Consumer Brands, headquartered in
the Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul area, has a
longstanding partnership with Second Harvest
Heartland, the largest food bank in Minnesota.
Since 2019, Post has matched $50,000 in
donations to Second Harvest during Give to
the Max Day in November, Minnesota’s largest
giving holiday. The funds support local hunger
relief efforts. During 2022, Post donated millions
of pounds of cereal to Second Harvest and
contributed $10,000 to their annual fundraiser
in addition to other annual gifts. Jill Bollettieri,
senior vice president - general counsel & external
relations at Post, has served on the Second
Harvest board of directors since 2021.


$10,000 contributed to annual fundraiser


Veterans and Military Families


Our support to families helps
raise awareness and provides
military supporters with the
chance to give more than
thanks to military members,
veterans and their families.


“We understand the critical
need to strengthen service
members and their families
by keeping them connected to
family, home and country.”
Mark Delahanty
President and CEO, Post Refrigerated Retail


Our Farm Salutes


The Bob Evans Farms Our Farm Salutes
program provides philanthropic support with
increased attention and gratitude to our nation’s
service members in three key areas: 1) veteran
entrepreneurs; 2) military families; and 3) military
member mental wellness. In fiscal year 2022, the
partnership with the Gary Sinise Foundation and
the Making a Difference, Bite by Bite initiative was
further expanded with a focus on mental wellness
and well-being of their families.
The program also includes Bob Evans Farms
Heroes to CEOs initiative, which recognizes U.S.
military veteran entrepreneurs through business
grants and mentorship to support and grow their
businesses. The program also expanded in 2022
to include a new program, Purple Heroes, focused
on helping the children of military families,
because kids serve, too. An additional 100 military
kids were able to attend a free week of Operation
Purple® Camp for the 2022 summer season.


Education and Basic Needs for Kids




Young people are our future
employees, consumers,
entrepreneurs and leaders.
Their success in the community
depends on their success in the
classroom, so our charitable
efforts help remove obstacles to
education, especially for those
faced with socioeconomical
challenges.


Eddy House


In Sparks, Nevada, Post Consumer Brands
partnered with this local charity to provide
career resources and cereal donations for a
breakfast program. In addition, the Post Human
Resources team presented a “table talk” to
provide information about career paths,
participated in a mock interview event and
volunteered time to help with resume writing
and other career prep needs.


United Schools Network & The Center of
Science and Industry


In Columbus, Ohio, Bob Evans Farms connected
The Center of Science and Industry (COSI) with
United Schools Network (USN) to provide 225
COSI Connect Kits (a week’s worth of STEM
activities in each kit based upon a theme, such
as ‘Nature’) to USN schools so children could
use them at home to complete science
experiments and lessons.




Greater Twin Cities United Way (GTCUW)


In Lakeville, Minnesota, Post Consumer Brands
employees volunteered to help address
educational disparities and ensure students
go back to school ready to learn with essential
school supplies.
“Accomplishing a goal like assembling 50,000
backpacks requires the effort of an entire
community. Not only are volunteers needed,
but also vendors and corporate sponsorships,”
said Melissa Caldwell, Director of Events and
Volunteerism with GTCUW. “These backpacks will
allow students across the Twin Cities metro to be
prepared to take on the school year ahead, with
the supplies they otherwise may not have access
to. We are so thankful for Post’s sponsorship and
continued partnership.”


The Humanity Alliance


In Minneapolis, Minnesota, Michael Foods
supported The Humanity Alliance with serving
healthy food to those who are food insecure.
The Humanity Alliance’s first program is a
student-inspired design focused on closing the
gap in access to nutrition by providing meal kits
for Friday night through Monday morning.


Northwest Arkansas Children’s Shelter


In Bentonville, Arkansas, Post Consumer Brands
supported a local children’s shelter’s First Annual
Summer Camp Celebration, which allows kids
to spend the day filling their treat bags, playing
games and participating in relay competitions.


50


 Social Responsibility


Education and Basic Needs for Kids




Kids’ Chance of Nebraska


In Wakefield, Nebraska, Michael Foods is a major
sponsor of Kids’ Chance, an organization that
gives scholarships to children whose parents
were lost or severely injured.


SnackPacks for Kids


In Bentonville, Arkansas, Post Consumer Brands
team members volunteered their time to put
together snack packs through the Samaritan
Community Center to provide weekend food for
children who are at-risk for food insecurity.


Feed My Starving Children


In Chanhassen, Minnesota, the Michael Foods
Human Resources team volunteered to help pack
70 boxes and 15,120 meals to feed 41 kids for
a year. The Michael Foods team at Lenox, Iowa,
also volunteered time to pack food for starving
children with Meals from the Heartland.
Post Holdings, Inc.


Snacks for Schools


In Northfield, Minnesota, Post Consumer Brands
supported a food drive as part of the Snacks for
Schools program to help keep kids energized and
nourished during the school day.


Future 50 Class of Columbus


In Columbus, Ohio, the Bob Evans Farms
Foundation proudly supported the Future 50
Class of Columbus, providing funding to a project
with The Digital Equity Group to increase digital
literacy for residents and students of Columbus
with a focus on regions of most need.


Disaster Relief




Post has a history of stepping
up to help during natural
disasters as we know these are
the times our communities
most need us.


In fiscal year 2022, we supported flood relief
efforts in Kentucky and Missouri through food
and monetary donations as intense rainfall broke
century-old records. We supported multiple
organizations, including American Red Cross,
Feeding America, God’s Pantry Food Bank, The
Little Bit Foundation and the St. Louis Area
Foodbank. Our admiration and support go out to
residents, volunteers, medical personnel and first
responders whose courage, endurance and rescue efforts were truly heroic.


Site-Specific Spotlight


The Post Consumer Brands team in
Jonesboro, Arkansas, participated
in “Food-Stock,” a month-long food
drive and fundraiser led by the
Food Bank of Northeast Arkansas.
The team was awarded the winner
of the Food-Stock competition for
raising the most funds, equivalent
to 21,000 donated meals. Our longtime partnership with the food bank
helps put breakfast on the tables
throughout our local community
and has been a core part of our
sustained commitment to supporting
hunger relief efforts in Northeast
Arkansas. The plant was the first
food manufacturer in the greater
Jonesboro area and has been a part
of the community for 30 years.


In addition, the Post companies and our manufacturing locations
actively supported many other local community organizations in
2022, including:
All Square
American Red Cross Missouri Region chapter
Cancer Support Community of Central Ohio
Caring for Friends
Center of Science and Industry (COSI)
Children’s Hunger Alliance
Concordance
Dress for Success Columbus
earthday365
Great Regional Health
Junior Achievement of Greater St. Louis
Klingerstown and Pillow Fire Companies
Lutheran Social Services of Central Ohio
Marine Corps League of Pennsylvania
McLeod County Food Shelf
New Jersey Lupus Research Alliance
Project Homeless Connect Norfolk
Resource West
Ridgeview Medical Center
Special Olympics
St. Louis County Library Foundation
St. Louis Crisis Nursery
Wakefield Sports Complex
…and more!




Appendix




Forward-Looking Statements


Forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are made
throughout this report. These forward-looking statements are
sometimes identified from the use of forward-looking words such
as “believe,” “should,” “could,” “potential,” “continue,” “expect,”
“project,” “estimate,” “predict,” “anticipate,” “aim,” “intend,” “plan,”
“forecast,” “target,” “is likely,” “will,” “can,” “may” or “would” or the
negative of these terms or similar expressions. Such statements
are based on management’s current views and assumptions
and involve risks and uncertainties that could affect expected
results. Those risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited
to, those described in Post Holdings’ filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. You should not rely upon forward looking statements as predictions of future events. Although
Post Holdings believes that the expectations reflected in the
forward-looking statements are reasonable, Post Holdings cannot
guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance
or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking
statements will be achieved or occur. Moreover, Post Holdings
undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking
statements for any reason after the date of this report to
conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our
expectations.


Trademarks and Service Marks


The logos, trademarks, trade names and service marks mentioned
in this report, including Post®, Post Consumer Brands®, Honey
Bunches of Oats®, Pebbles®, Great Grains®, Post® Bran Flakes,
Post® Shredded Wheat, Spoon Size® Shredded Wheat, Golden
Crisp®, Alpha-Bits®, Ohs!®, Shreddies™, Post® Raisin Bran, GrapeNuts®, Honeycomb®, Frosted Mini Spooners®, Golden Puffs®,
Cinnamon Toasters®, Fruity Dyno-Bites®, Cocoa Dyno-Bites®,
Berry Colossal Crunch®, Oreo O’s®, Chips Ahoy!®, Honeymaid®,
Premier Protein®, Malt-O-Meal®, Farina™, Dyno-Bites®, Mom’s
Best®, Better Oats®, CoCo Wheats®, Peter Pan®, Barbara’s®,
Puffins®, Weetabix®, Alpen®, Weetos™, Ready Brek™, Weetabix On
The Go™, Oatibix®, UFIT™, Michael Foods™, Papetti’s®, Abbotsford
Farms®, Simply Potatoes®, Henningsen Foods™, Almark Foods™,
Just® Egg, Crystal Farms®, Bob Evans® (which is used in brands
such as Bob Evans® Egg Whites), Bob Evans Farms®, Davidson’s
Safest Choice®, Better’n Eggs®, Diner’s Choice™, Westfield
Farms®, David’s Deli®, Crescent Valley®, Owens®, Country Creek
Farm®, Egg Beaters®, Pineland Farms®, Old El Paso™, Airly® and
Oat Clouds®, are currently the property of, or are under license
by, Post Holdings or its consolidated subsidiaries. Other logos,
trademarks, trade names and service marks mentioned in this
report, including Golden Boy®, Ronzoni® and Dakota Growers
Pasta Co.®, are currently the property of, or are under license
by, 8th Avenue Food & Provisions, Inc. or its subsidiaries. Post Holdings, 8th Avenue Food & Provisions, Inc. or one of their
respective subsidiaries owns or has rights to use the trademarks,
service marks and trade names that are used in conjunction with
the operation of Post Holdings’, 8th Avenue Food and Provisions,
Inc.’s and their respective subsidiaries’ businesses. Some of the
more important trademarks that Post Holdings, 8th Avenue Food
& Provisions, Inc. or one of their respective subsidiaries owns or
has rights to use that appear in this report may be registered in the
United States and other jurisdictions. Each trademark, trade name
or service mark of any other company appearing in this report is
owned or used under license by such company.


GRI and SASB Context Index




Post Holdings strives to report in alignment with Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and the Sustainable Accounting Standards Board (SASB) disclosure standards. According to SASB’s Sustainable Industry Classification System® (SICS®), Post Holdings is within the Food & Beverage Sector – Processed Foods industry classification. Any omitted metrics were unable to be reported at this time.


General Disclosures


GRI/SASB ID
Metric
Content Location
2-1
Organizational details
P. 4-6
2-2
Entities included in the organization’s sustainability reporting
P. 5
2-3
Reporting period, frequency and contact point
P. 2; 2022 10-K
2-4
Restatements of information
P. 25-26
2-6
Activities, value chain and other business relationships
P. 4-6; P. 16-23; 2022 10-K
2-7
Employees
P. 41
2-9
Governance structure and composition
P. 10-14
2-10
Nomination and selection of the highest governance body
Corporate Governance Guidelines
2-11
Chair of the highest governance body
Audit Committee Charter
2-12
Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts
P. 10-14; Audit Committee Charter
2-13
Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts
P. 10-14; Audit Committee Charter
2-14
Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting
P. 10-14; Audit Committee Charter
2-15
Conflicts of interest
Audit Committee Charter
2-16
Communication of critical concerns
P. 10-14; 2022 10-K; Audit Committee Charter
2-19
Remuneration policies
2022 10-K; Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee Charter
2-20
Process to determine remuneration
2022 10-K; Corporate Governance Guidelines; Corporate Governance and Compensation
Committee Charter
2-22
Statement on sustainable development strategy
P. 10-14; Audit Committee Charter
2-23
Policy commitments
P. 13; Global Code of Conduct; Responsibility
2-24
Embedding policy commitments
Global Code of Conduct
2-25
Processes to remediate negative impacts
P. 13; Global Code of Conduct; Human Rights Position; Supplier Code of Conduct
2-26
Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns
P. 13; Global Code of Conduct; Human Rights Position
2-28
Membership associations
P. 14
2-29
Approach to stakeholder engagement
P. 14-15
3-1
Process to determine material topics
P. 15; 2022 10-K
3-2
List of material topics
P. 15; 2022 10-K
3-3
Management of material topics
P. 10-14; 2022 10-K
FB-PF-000.B
Number of production facilities
P. 6
201-1
Direct economic value generated and distributed
2022 10-K
201-2
Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change
2022 10-K; 2022 CDP Climate


Anti-corruption


205-2
Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures
Global Code of Conduct


Energy


302-1
Energy consumption within the organization
P. 28; 2022 CDP Climate
302-2
Energy consumption outside of the organization
P. 23; 2022 CDP Climate
302-3
Energy intensity
P. 28; 2022 CDP Climate
302-4
Reduction of energy consumption
P. 28; 2022 CDP Climate
FB-PF-130a. 1
(1) Total energy consumed, (2) percentage grid electricity, (3) percentage renewable
P. 28; 2022 CDP Climate


Water and Effluents


303-3
Water withdrawal
P. 30
303-4
Water discharge
P. 30
303-5
Water consumption
P. 30
FB-PF-140a. 1
(1) Total water withdrawn, (2) total water consumed, percentage of each in regions
with High or Extremely High Baseline Water Stress
P. 30


Biodiversity


304-1
Operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or adjacent to, protected areas and
areas of high biodiversity value outside protected areas
P. 32-33
304-4
IUCN Red List species and national conservation list species with habitats in areas
affected by operations
P. 32-33


Emissions


305-1
Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions
P. 28; 2022 CDP Climate
305-2
Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions
P. 28; 2022 CDP Climate
305-3
Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions
P. 23; 2022 CDP Climate
305-4
GHG emissions intensity
P. 28; 2022 CDP Climate
305-5
Reduction of GHG emissions
P. 28; 2022 CDP Climate


Waste


306-3
Waste generated
P. 31
306-4
Waste diverted from disposal
P. 31
306-5
Waste directed to disposal
P. 31


Packaging


FB-PF-410a. 2
Discussion of strategies to reduce the environmental impact of packaging throughout its lifecycle
P. 36-38


Employment


401-2
Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or
part-time employees
P. 44-46


57


Occupational Health and Safety


403-1
Occupational health and safety management system
P. 27
403-2
Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation
P. 27
403-4
Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational
health and safety
P. 27
403-6
Promotion of worker health
P. 27; P. 44-46
403-7
Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly
linked by business relationships
P. 18; Supplier Code of Conduct
403-9
Work-related injuries
P. 27
403-10
Work-related ill health
P. 27


Training and Education


404-2
Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs
P. 44-46


Diversity and Equal Opportunity


405-1
Diversity of governance bodies and employees
P. 11; P. 41; P. 42-44
405-2
Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men
2021 Weetabix Gender Pay Report


Public Policy


415-1
Political contributions
Global Code of Conduct






Customer Health and Safety


416-1
Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories
P. 36
FB-PF-250a. 1
Global Food Safety Initiative (GFSI) audit (1) non-conformance rate and (2)
associated corrective action rate for (a) major and (b) minor non-conformances
P. 36
FB-PF-250a. 4
(1) Number of recalls issued and (2) total amount of food product recalled
P. 36




TCFD Index




Post Holdings, Inc. recognizes the
importance of managing climate related risks and opportunities relevant
to our businesses, and aligning with
recommendations of the Task Force on
Climate-Related Financial Disclosures
(TCFD) is a key step towards doing our
part to support the global transition to a
low-carbon economy. This TCFD Index
has been prepared according to the latest
TCFD recommendations (October 2021)
and covers our full global enterprise within
the scope of this disclosure. For additional
details, please reference responses in our
CDP 2022 Climate Change Questionnaire
available at www.cdp.net.


Governance


Disclose the organization’s governance around climate-related risks and opportunities, including: a) Describe the board’s oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities; and b) Describe management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities.
CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2021 References: C1.1a, C1.1b, C1.2, and C1.2a


Post Holdings, Inc. President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) serves on the Board of Directors and is frequently and directly engaged with our Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) Steering Committee, which oversees climate-related issues. Our President and CEO is regularly briefed on ESG and sustainability topics and progress by our ESG Senior Director and our ESG Steering Committee. Given carbon and climate change are an important topic for our key customers and investors, this topic is consistently included in briefings. The
The ESG Steering Committee, which is led by our ESG Senior Director, includes leaders from global procurement, communications, legal, investor relations, and operations and reports directly to our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer.
The ESG Steering Committee provides information and recommendations to the full Board of Directors, including climate-related risks and opportunities, at scheduled meetings and as important issues arise. As stated in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, “The Board shall oversee matters relating to the Company’s environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) practices and initiatives, as well as other social issues important to the Company’s
constituents. The Board shall review the Company’s annual or periodic ESG reports and consider significant ESG trends that may impact the Company.” In addition, the Board Audit Committee Charter includes “review information concerning environmental, legal, regulatory and other matters that may represent material financial exposure and/or material risk and appropriate management thereof.” The ESG Steering Committee also routinely engages with the Presidents/CEOs from each of our operating companies.




Strategy


Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on the
organization’s businesses, strategy, and financial planning, including: a) Describe the climate related risks and opportunities the organization has identified over the short, medium and long term; b) Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization’s businesses, strategy and financial planning; and c) Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking into consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a 2°C or lower scenario.
CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2021 References: C2.1a, C2.3, C2.3a, C2.4, C2.4a, C3.2, C3.2a, C3.2b, C3.3, and C3.4


Post maintains a TCFD-aligned global risk and opportunity assessment process that evaluates the relevancy of acute physical, chronic physical and transition and market risks and opportunities for our direct operations and supply chain. Our process for evaluating and monitoring climate-related risks and opportunities considers the following time horizons: short-term (0-2 years); medium-term (2-5 years); and long-term (5-10 years).
For our baseline global assessment, we considered four distinct scenarios based upon a combination of physical and transition risks and the dynamics of average global warming degrees as described on page 28 of our 2022 ESG Report.
The four scenarios are based upon a combination of physical and transition risks and the dynamics of average global warming degrees. If global temperatures go above 2°C, the physical climate risks can be expected to be more frequent and intense. Conversely, if rapid decarbonization occurs through policies, regulations, innovation and consumer demand, then global temperatures will plateau or start to decrease, physical risks will lessen, and transition risks will become more dominant. It is also assumed that transition risks take a longer period for
implementation and impact, which results in scenarios that have medium- to long-term business implications.
Additionally, it is expected scenario conditions will not be global and will vary by geography and time horizon (e.g., some geographies will accelerate decarbonization efforts faster than others). Post’s approach is to evaluate the current and future relevance of these scenarios and monitoring changing conditions (e.g., a location moving from one scenario to a different one).
Climate-related risks and opportunities are relevant to a consumer packaged goods company’s entire value chain from raw material sourcing to the end of life or circularity for a given product. The impacts of physical and transition factors can influence our strategies, processes and decisions and can have both positive and potentially negative financial impacts. Our approach to climate adaptation and resiliency is based upon evaluating the following TCFD-defined opportunity categories as relevant to our company:
• Resource Efficiency: Pursuing more efficient raw material sourcing, production and transport.
• Energy Sourcing: Pursuing lower emission or renewable sources of energy.
• Products and Services: Responding to shifts in consumer preferences towards low carbon goods and services.
• Markets: Ability to access new and emerging markets due to more effective climate adaptation.
• Resilience: Pursuing enhanced business resiliency and ability to operate through various conditions and climate scenarios.
From a climate risk perspective, over 75% of our production sites and approximately 90% of warehouse and distribution sites are exposed to a preferable scenario of low physical and low transition and market risks. Projecting into the future and the climate resiliency of our organization, it is possible that more of our production sites could be exposed to increased policy and market regulations and small number of sites could transition into a scenario of both higher physical and higher transition and market risks. Post Holdings is in the process of further evaluating our raw material sourcing from direct and indirect suppliers following a similar four-scenario method. Based upon our production sites being in Canada, the United States and the United Kingdom, we expected that the risk profile of our raw material sourcing will be like that of our production and warehouse portfolios.


Management


Disclose how the organization identifies, assesses, and manages climate-related risks, including: a) Describe the organization’s processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks; b) Describe the organization’s processes for managing climate-related risks; and c) Describe how processes for identifying, assessing and managing climate-related risks are integrated into the organization’s overall risk management.
CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2021 References: C2.1, C2.1a, C2.2, and C2.2a


Post’s process for evaluating acute physical, chronic physical, and transition risks and opportunities uses location specific inputs from widely recognized, publicly available data sources and risk categories including the following:


Data Sources


• World Resources Institute (WRI) Aqueduct
• WWF Water Risk Filter
• Department of Homeland Security FEMA National Risk Index
• Alliance for Zero Extinction
• Conservation International Biodiversity Hotspot
• Key Biodiversity Area (KBA) Partnership
• Energy Information Administration (EIA)
• Energy & Climate Intelligence Unit (ECIU) Net Zero Scorecard
• United Nations Framework Convention on
Climate Change (UNFCC) Nationally Determined
Contributions (NDC) Registry
• Location-specific contextual data from various
sources (e.g., energy mix, utility renewable
energy targets, net metering status and carbon
pricing mechanisms)


Risk Categories


• Extreme weather (avalanches/winter weather/
cold waves, earthquakes, hail, hurricanes, ice
storms, landslides, lightning, strong winds/
tornadoes, tsunamis, volcanic activity and
wildfires)
• Inland/riverine floods
• Water stress (availability and quality)
• Drought / Heat waves
• Coastal floods / Sea level rise
• Biodiversity and sensitive habitats
• Transition and market


There are three main components to Post’s strategy for managing climate-related risks and opportunities:
1) Decarbonization: Post is committed to a 30% reduction in our GHG emissions within direct operations, Scope 1 and 2, by 2030. In fiscal year 2022, Post developed our Scope 3 GHG emissions baseline using the spend-based method. Post remains committed to reducing Scope 3 emissions and setting a goal but has delayed public announcement pending relevant climate-related regulations expected to be finalized in early 2023. In preparation for setting a goal, we utilized our baseline Scope 3 emissions profile to benchmark the GHG programs of our key suppliers and goal options. Our Weetabix business continues to explore Science Based Targets and will set new 2030 targets in 2023 with an ambition of operating as a net zero business by 2050.
2) Climate Resiliency: The Post Risk Management function oversees a comprehensive program to evaluate and mitigate risks to our business, assets and people including consideration of climate-related risks and resiliency. The program includes periodic internal and external, by our commercial insurance partner, assessments risk exposure and preparedness. This insight is utilized to prioritize further evaluations, develop or enhance business continuity plans, and where necessary implement insurance mechanisms.
3) Transparency: Post is committed to disclosing our plans and progress related to climate risks and opportunities, including participation in the annual CDP Climate questionnaire, an annual ESG Report, maintaining information on our website and this TCFD index.




Metrics and Targets


Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate-related risks and
opportunities, including: a) Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management process; b) Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2 and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and the related risks; and c) Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and performance against targets.
CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2021 References: C4.1, C4.1a, C5 (all), C6.1, C6.3, C6.5, C7 (all), and C8 (all)


Post has a culture of continuous improvement, which includes utilizing metrics and targets to evaluate and drive performance. We are also committed to transparency with updated metrics, targets and progress within our annual ESG Report and on our website at: www.postholdings.com/responsibility.
